The hall was dead quiet. Far quieter than any normal Friday night and weekend, but since finals started on Monday, we had been put under a set of rules that was apparently more conducive to studying. It meant that I had to listen to my music with headphones on or the volume very low, even though Thomas was, of course, no where to be seen. Of the umpteen weekends I had spent in the dorms so far, I think he had stayed in for the whole weekend only twice: once when he was sick, and once when the party was at our place.

Kris had decided that, since she had two finals on Monday and two on Tuesday that she needed to pass, she would be holed up in her dorm for quite a while. I had two finals on Tuesday myself --- one being the composition final that Kris and I shared, and one on Wednesday before I was finished. With days before my own finals, I felt as though I was holed up in my room by circumstance more than choice.

Oh well, I thought. Having the place to myself would be good for me. I was able to get a little bit of studying done, all of my notes spread out over the floor in a loose grid so that I could walk amongs them in bare feet and connect ideas together in ways that I thought would help me on the exams. I spent a good deal of time talking to friends on the Internet as well, catching up with people on IRC that I felt as though I had been neglecting with school and a brand new personal life intervening.

Jamen came by on Friday night and apologized once again for the way he had acted before. I had gratefully accepted his company and his offering of shitty beer that Joseph, his roommate, had procured. We spent a while talking about this and that, how the semester was going, what finals looked like. Everything but what we had talked about two weeks previous. He seemed happy enough, bright eyed and sober (not stoned, at least). He mentioned that he wasn't smoking until after his finals were over, just so that he could concentrate on studying for the exams.

Erin and Eric came over to talk for a while as well, since Erin had been kicked out of her room for a few hours by Kris. we wound up eating together that night, Erin giving me one of her guest-passes to the dorm since I had used the last of my meal plan up on lunch that day. They promised that they would try help keep me fed with guest passes when I needed them, though with about a hundred dollars left in my bank account, I figured I would be alright.

By Saturday afternoon, all the thrills of being by myself had worn off. I had slept naked for the first time since I had moved to school, which wasn't as exciting as I had thought. I even wandered around the room naked for a while, but all that did was make me feel nervous, even though the blinds were shut and the door locked to everyone but Thomas. I listened to music for a while and reorganized my notes for class before spending the rest of the morning and into the afternoon on IRC.

Finally fed up, I bundled myself against the early December snow that was sending light flurries down outside and started walking. I remembered that there was a super market on College south of campus and I decided that a good use of my time would be to go pick up something to hold me over through finals week until I could head home. The walk was cold, but I figured the brisk air would do me well rather than being cooped up in my dorm with nothing to do but sit at the computer with no clothes on.

I guess I had misremembered the distance down College to the super market. The walk had taken me about forty five minutes and the cloudy sky was lit distinctly from the west by the time I got to the store. A clock told me it was three thirty. About an hour and a half left until dark. I hurried down the aisles with a car, getting myself some tortillas and cheese for quesadillas. I decided against anything to drink since I would be carrying all of that back home in my emptied out backpack, racing the sunset. Instead, some bread, peanut butter, and honey joined the quesadilla makings in order for something sweet. Finally, I filled a plastic bag with granola from the bulk grains section, figuring that I now had enough carbohydrates and protein to keep me going for another few days. Anything else I needed I could probably get from the general store on campus, worst case scenario.

With everything purchased and stuffed into my backpack, I made my way back outside and groaned. During the fifteen minutes I was in the store, the snow had picked up and the light from the west was settling more toward the mountains; everything was darker now that the sunlight had to pass through the clouds at an accute angle. I shrugged both straps of the backpack onto my shoulders and zipped my jacket up, heading towards College and back north. I had walked over a pedestrian underpass on the way over, and I figured I'd try to take that back so I wouldn't have to walk along the town's busiest street now that the snow had picked up.

Once I made my way to that trail and through another underpass, this time under the railroad tracks, I found myself at the foot of an asphalt trail that wound through an an open expanse of a field that stretched out on all sides of me. Much calmer, I told myself, trying to keep looking on the brighter side. I trudged through the thin layer of snow that had accumulated on the path and let my mind wander with nothing but the white expanse of the field and the staticky, snow obscured road half a mile away to look at.

I spent the walk along the path worrying about winter break. There were four weeks and some between the end of my finals on Wednesday and the first day of the second semester. About a month of time where I would be required to move back home. About a month of time without Kris, having to stay with one parent or the other. I figured I could always crash at a friend's place, but I doubt if crashing at Kris' parents house would be a very likely possibility. I was pretty sure that my dad would be alright with Kris staying over when I was at his place, but I certainly couldn't tell one way or the other how Kris' parents would feel about that idea.

I wondered about the possibility of us meeting somewhere else during the break, either alone or with some mutual friends, where we could spend some time together If nothing else, I figured I might be able to find a way between my mom's and dad's that took me through Boulder so that I could at least spend a few hours with my girlfriend. I supposed it would make the trip much longer. Hopefully I could either find a job with a good schedule or maybe do some odd computer jobs here and there to get myself some gas money for the transit. My dad had wanted me to go into computer science, but the fact that I wasn't good at programming, just setting up and administering systems, had swayed me away from that. I could always hire myself out as computer help.

I trudged up toward campus again once I made it off the trail. I still had finals week to figure everything out, and the walk had made me hungry. A quesadilla was a much happier thing to think about.
Losing his job, it turned out, put Jared in a rather foul mood. I spent rather more time with my mom out on walks or locked in my room than I did just hanging around the house. It was better to face the slings and arrows of the internet alone than to take up arms against an angry stepfather, I had decided, and now that I was back, I really was glad to have mountains around me. I no longer felt quite as exposed as I had when moving out to the decidedly flatter Fort Collins. The hills piled up around our sheltered little town were comforting, and it felt as though the world was smaller than it really was. Even if that world was inhabited by angry step-parents and skiing crowds.

My mom's walks turned out to be a lot more fun than I had previously remembered, too. Despite it being winter, she would take the dogs out twice a day and each day pack the trail down a little more and walk a little further until the trail stretched out past our property and toward one of the hiking trails in the hills that was technically closed for the season. Of course, it would snow often and she would have to keep repacking the trail in order to make it useable once again, but the combined result was a semi-permanent trench that was visible even in fresh snow fall. The surroundings were beautiful, as always.

Mom and I caught up quickly until we were talking as we always had. We talked often of relationships. She asked about Kris quite a bit, and I did my best to dispell any of her remaining worries about us as a couple. I, meanwhile, started to gather that having Jared home all the time was doing little for their relationship. The edgier Jared got, the less my mom seemed to be able to deal with his presence.

My idea for computer help around town had mixed results. I had three clients in those first few days of working. One client paid sixty dollars for three hours of my time in order to have me wire part of his house for a new computer he had purchased as an entertainment station. After wrestling with the operating system that had come on the computer, I managed to talk him into slimming it way down, though I didn't manage to get him to switch to a free system like I was using. One of the other two clients had some wireless conflicts with other devices in his house and the other's whole network had been brought down by a some virus brought back from college by their daughter. I had made my hundred dollars, but after that, I hadn't had any other hits.

The trip we planned had gone over well with Kris' parents, with the caveat that it be in the second week of January after new years; she had family visiting for Christmas and her parents were throwing a party for new years. This worked fine for me as well, what with no real plans except for Christmas, but others were not so lucky. Erin was not able to make it that week, and Joseph was out of town for all of break. That left me and Kris as well as Jamen and Eric. For money's sake, we had all agreed to try to come up with at least one more person that would be willing to join us for a night of mild partying. I had suggested Thomas and that had gone over well. Unfortunately, no one really had his contact information. I figured I would be able to look it up online. I supposed that CSU would have most of that information available somewhere. Least of all, I had one phone number of his from when I was sent information about my future roommate by the university.

Christmas eve had gone well enough at my mom's. Taking all the cards from relatives into account, I had received about four hundred dollars. I had only asked for cash, but my mom had given me a pair of pajama bottoms --- red plaid --- in order to sate her desire to give me a more concrete gift. Jared gave me a pound of coffee, which, while appreciated, was given grudgingly, and I figured he had actually purchased it for himself in some of his off time. He spent most of Christmas brooding and sipping spiked coffee. By the time dinner came around, he was all drowsy eyes and tired smiles, which was an improvement, all things considered.

My tallying of my trip carried me halfway to Granby, and I spent the next hour simply listening to music and watching the snow covered scenery roll past. Once I made it into the rather small town, I pulled out my directions again and spent a few moments lost in unfamiliar streets before I wound up on Highway 34. If I stayed on that, I would wind up in Loveland, just a few miles south of Fort Collins. Part of the reason for following a new path was to see if 34 would be about as fast in getting me to Fort Collins. Of course, the real reason was that it would lead me, after Estes Park, to Boulder, where I could visit Kris. Despite being Christmas day, I figured I would stop by for a few minutes and say hi, drop off the small gift I had gotten her while I was at it. We hadn't talked about gifts hardly at all, so I had tried to pick something that would be decorative at worst, useful at best, and picked up a small cast-iron tea-pot for her. I didn't trust myself to buy jewelry yet.

Driving along unfamiliar roads, along with the falling snow, did plenty to slow me down, and it took me a few seconds to realize that I was heading toward a national park. I frowned and took another glance at the map, keeping an eye out for signs, or, and I crossed my fingers that I wouldn't come across any, National Parks huts. Of course, half an hour later found me stopped at a gate in the road with a sign saying that the park was closed for the day and that Trail Ridge Road, the road that wound through the park, would likely only open when weather permitted.

"Fuck, goddamn, shit-ass..." I cuss at the sign, sitting in my parked car for a few minutes, trying to think of an alternate route that would take me around the park. When nothing came to mind, I decided, to hell with it, I'd just take Highway 40 down. it was my usual route and would drop me onto I-70, which I would usually take to I-25, which would lead me to my Dad's.

As I got my car turned around and pointed back down towards Granby, I racked my brains to think of any other ways to get to Boulder that wouldn't have me getting to my dad's at midnight. I knew there was another state highway, 119, that ducked off I-70 before it made it to the eastern slope of the Rockies. That had the Peak to Peak Highway, I argued with myself. That would likely be slower than just leaving the mountains. There was bound to be a route north along the front range that didn't involve me driving all the way to I-25 just so that I could drive back west. Pushing my way up towards Winter Park --- one of our prospective party locations --- I weighed the importance of my gift for Kris to that of getting off the roads by dark.

Eventually, logic won out. Despite how much I wanted to see Kris, I knew that driving that much on Christmas day only to get to my dad's before Christmas day was technically over was not high on anyone's list of priorities. As the road shifted from following valleys to very sharp switchbacks, I turned down the music and focused on driving. Once I topped Berthoud pass, I decided that it'd probably be better to just give my girlfriend a call when I got a signal on my phone rather than worrying so much. I could wish her a merry Christmas and all that, promise her the gift, and let her know what I'd seen of Winter park when I drove through it.

Of course, it was nearing two by the time I finally got a signal worth using that looked like it would stick around for a little bit, so I made my call then.

"Hello?"

"Hey, merry Christmas," I said, smiling.

"Aw, you too, Cor," the voice on the other end said brightly.

"Hope I'm not interrupting anything big."

"Nah," she said breathlessly. "Well, we're finishing up lunch, but when I said who was calling, they let me duck out to take it."

"Nice, nice." It was good to hear her voice again, if nothing else, I thought. "How's the holiday treating you?"

"Oh, alright," she said vaguely. "Grandparents are here. They're pretty happy to hear that I seem to have found someone," she added quietly.

I laughed, "Well, that's good."

"I told them you were a good, upstanding, chivalrous, well dressed guy. I'm going to have to ask you to not visit so you don't prove me wrong."

"Hey! I'm upstanding! I think," I said, getting a laugh. "I was going to visit, actually, since I got you a little something, but it turns out to be pretty difficult to get to Boulder from Steamboat. There's a big ass national park in the way."

"Aw, well, it's alright. What'd you get me?"

"Not telling, duh. Just a little thing."

She laughed, "Good, 'cause I didn't get you anything, dork."

"Pff, thanks a lot."

"Well, how's this? My mom and dad told me I could invite you to the New Years party they're having. They said you could stay over if you wanted."

"Really? That's awesome." I thought for a bit, then added, "You sure that wouldn't be weird at all, me staying over at your place?"

"Oh, it'll be plenty weird. But we're not in high school anymore, and besides, it will be good to see you, even though we're doing the party thing less than a week after."

"Well, alright. You a go on the party for sure?"

"Yeah, got some cash for Christmas which should be enough to cover my part of the deal."

"Cool, cool."

"I think I'm going to catch a ride with Eric, if that's alright. He lives up in Loveland, and I'm on the way for him."

"Aw, man... cheating on me with your roommate's boyfriend," I said in mock exasperation. "I knew it!"

She laughed, "Nah, Eric's Erin's toy. Got my own."

I grinned, "Damn straight."

"Cute. Anyway, I gotta get back to the table. Thanks for calling, Cor."

"Of course. Enjoy the rest of Christmas."

"You too, hon. Mwah," she said.

"Mwah back atcha. See ya, Kris."

"Bye, Cor."

She hung up, and I flipped my phone closed, tossing it into the passenger seat where it clunked against the box holding my gift to Kris. Well, I thought, at least I now had plans for New Years. I spent most of the rest of the trip down to my dad's focusing on that, picturing how sleeping over at Kris' place would be, about how limited by her parents' presence we would be. Oh well, I countered, at least I wouldn't be lonely this year.
"This," Thomas declared in a reverent tone. "Is Salvia divinorum."

I blinked up from my computer. "What?"

"Salvia!" he repeated, dropping his backpack unceremoniously and flopping down onto his bed. "It's a hallucinogen, I guess, but it's legal. Got it at a head shop just off campus."

I twisted myself around in my chair.

Thomas laughed, "I knew that would get your attention. Couldn't get you any shrooms, sorry, but I figured this is the next best thing."

"Hey," I grinned. "And it's legal, too. Thanks for thinking of that."

Thomas nodded and pulled a ziplock bag smaller than a matchbook from the plastic bag and frisbeed it across to me. It was labelled with a hand-written sticker saying 'S. div. 20x 1.1g 15-'. All it contained what looked to be a dried up leaf crumpled up into flakes. I pinched it dubiously between my fingers. "Looks like oregano."

"Well," Thomas countered. "If it is, I'm out fifteen dollars. Oh well."

"So what's it do, then?"

"Well, it's a hallucinogen, like I said. Makes you kinda... see shit and have all sorts of grand thoughts." He brightened up, "Here, give it back. Tell you what. I'll try it and tell you what it's like."

I laughed and tossed the baggie back to Thomas, "Well, okay. If you freak out, I'm getting out of here and denying everything."

Thomas nodded, so I set myself as away on instant messengers and IRC. "The cool part," he explained, shifting himself to sit cross legged on the floor, reaching hand underneath his bed for the shoe box of drug paraphenalia I knew he kept there. "The cool part is that it only lasts, like, five minutes or sorather than, like, six hours for shrooms or acid."

I nodded a little and shifted onto the floor as well so we'd be level with each other. "Well, what is it, exactly?"

"Leaves off some plant. They told me at the shop that you need to smoke a fuck ton of the plain leaf, so they sold me some extact. I got twenty ex stuff, since that was the most concentrated they sold, and I figured that'd be better." He worked as he spoke, picking a glass pot pipe out of the box and examinging it. He seemed to be pondering emptying it out, but after looking at the tiny size of the flakes of Salvia, he seemed to change his mind. Resting the pipe on one of his knees, he opened the tiny baggie with his fingers and delicately pinched a small amount into the bowl of the pipe. If he had laid all of the peices flat on a table, it probably would've only taken up the area of a dime.

Closing the bag, he cradled the pipe in his palm, digging his lighter out of his pocket with his free hand. "So if I freak out or something, which I probably won't, just, like, keep me quiet for ten minutes or so, I should be good."

"Thanks for the reassurance," I muttered sarcastically. My palms were sweating enough to leave damp patches on my knees where they rested. I had been bugging Thomas about trying hallucinogens every since I found out just how much he was into drugs, but he had always just waved me off, complaining that such things were difficult to procure.

"Alright," he muttered, taking a few deep breaths and letting his shoulders drop as he relaxed. Finally, he brought the stem of the pipe up to his lips and, holding the lighter to the plant material in the bowl, drew the smoke in deep. His hands started to shake as he set the pipe down quickly on the upturned lid of the shoebox, dropping his lighter into his lap as his eyes screwed shut. He held the smoke for about twenty seconds before coughing it out like a bubble of cloud.

He collapsed back against the edge of his bed while his right hand grasped the frame of it, keeping him from sliding down onto his side. "Nnnnnn," he said, nodding and smiling to me. The smile turned into a grin, the grin to a snicker, and the snicker burst into gales of laughter, startling me. Holding himself up like that, he laughed and laughed and laughed. The laughter went on for probably a minute and a half before finally slowing down, dropping nearly an octave to his low, stoned chuckle that I was so used to.

After another thirty seconds or so, he leaned his body forward in a slow swinging motion to rest his forearms on his knees, propping himself up. He swayed slightly in this position, another half a minute passing by before he shifted his arms so that his elbows rested on his knees and he could prop his chin up on his fists.

"W-weird," he drawled.

"What the hell was that, Thomas?" I realised I was clutching the denim of my jeans in my fists and relaxed my hands, wiping the perspiration off on my thighs, "What happened?"

"Dunno, man," he smiled beatifically. "Dunno."

I let him sit there for a few minutes while he seemed to sober up. Finally, he shook his head and lit a stick of the incense, opening the window and moving sluggishly to drop a towel along the base of the door, something we had forgotten to do earlier. Finally, he continued, "I felt like the earth tilted down and to the left and that something was really, really funny, but I never knew what." He swallowed drily and grabbed a Mountain Dew out of the fridge before returning to his spot on the floor. "Lot shorter than I thought. How long did it last?"

"Uh... about three minutes, I'd say," I smiled. This didn't sound like a hallucinogen, but it did sound resonably fun. Thomas' reaction to the drug relaxed me some.

"Holy fuck," he laughed, drinking about a third of the soda in one go. "Felt like ten, fifteen seconds. Cool."

We sat for a few minutes, Thomas finishing his drink and me fingering the hem of my shirt.

Finally, he tossed his bottle toward the trash, missed horribly, and chuckled. "Still kinda stoned feeling. Wanna try?"

I took a shaky breath and nodded, watching as he reloaded the bowl with a small pinch of the Salvia. I took the offered pipe and lighter and sat for a few moments, holding them in my lap and looking down at them. I shook my head finally and, before I lost my nerve, brought the stem of the pipe to my lips, inhaling the smoke deep as Thomas had done.

The Salvia burned quickly and there was surprisingly little smoke, though the smoke was parched and hurt my throat. Holding it in despite the sting, I quickly set the pipe and lighter down in front of me on the floor. I held the smoke for what I guessed was a count to thirty before huffing it out at once, feeling a bubble of amusement rise in my chest. Breathing out the smoke, I felt like I had blown myself backwards. This was kind of funny, I thought.

The amusement froze in my chest and I felt gravity turn beneath me, the ground suddenly sinister. I reached out and clawed at my mattress, tugging feebly at my sheets as I was pulled inexorably down onto my side with gravity trying to suck me under the bed. There was a persistant rhythmic sound, like someone hyperventillating on the consonant 't', a little less than twice per second, maybe a hundred beats per minute. More than the sound, the rhythm was a sensation --- something dry and rasping was stroking against the inside of the back of my skull, feeling rather like strokes of a cat tongue.

My eyelids stuttered close as time slowed. I felt as though I was watching a video game on a slow computer, the framerate of my eyelids covering my vision having to be redrawn several times a second.

Terror. The rhythm became my existence for what seemed like a short eternity, and I felt compressed on all sides as though I was being smothered with very soft weights. I couldn't move.

Terror. The weight began to lessen and it felt as though each of those rhythmic pulses was a gash of reality peeking through into my mind. Some reality more real and raw than I had ever experienced.

Terror. Memories of words and snippets of conversation flipped through my mind during the dark phases between the flashes of reality. What must've been the bed frame was digging into my side, but the word 'monster' flashed before my eyes in the dark and I felt as though I was being eaten.

Terror. I struggled to sit up as my eyes open and light bled into my my brain. I saw everything not as objects, but as borders; the edge of the fridge was just a line separating a black area from an off-white area. There was a man-shaped blend of colors leaning near to me. I nodded at this strange thing knowingly.

Terror. I crawled from my spot on the floor and up onto my bed, where gravity pulled me definitively down onto my back. I watched from within as, without the bed eating me, everything became internalized. I felt as though I was just an area, myself, that my ego was defined by a border.

Terror. The border ruptured as I watched and I convulsed as my straining self rushed out of my body. It felt as though I was dying. Everything about me was getting lost in a universe of lights.

Terror subsiding. I suddenly realized that this didn't hurt, that dying didn't feel bad. I had simply lost my concept of self.

Relax. I wasn't a person any more, I was a part of humanity. Purer, brighter, lighter, more innocent than a person. Every other part of humanity seemed connected and close by. I must be coming down, I thought comfortably. The sense of self-ness was returning, and memories were starting to come back. The rhythm decrescendoed into a sense of waves. Relax. Kris wandered into my thoughts and I smiled. This was a person I felt affection for. This was a very puzzling thought, one that I couldn't quite wrap my mind around. I couldn't define affection, nor my feelings for Kris.

The Salvia gravity relented enough for me to sit up in bed and I looked around the room. Thomas was sitting in the center of the room now, pipe and lighter in hand. I waved at him and he burst out laughing. He said something, but my ears were buzzing to loudly for me to hear. Finally, I twisted a little, stretching out my back and shaking my head.

Another minute or so and Thomas and I were talking again. I felt, as Thomas had said, a little stoned. It wasn't a happy sort of stoned --- it wasn't emotional at all. I just felt slow and sluggish.

"That shit must've just rolled over on you, man."

I laughed, "What happened?"

"Well, you set the pipe down pretty quickly and frowned, then you sorta laughed out the smoke. You said 'whoa' and fell over onto your side. You just sorta lay there for a bit, shaking your head occasionally. Then you, like, flipped out and climbed up onto the bed and lay down there, breathing all fast." He shrugged and passed me one of his sodas from the fridge, "After a few seconds you said 'huh' a few times and started to relax. You were tense as fuck for a while there. I was going to ask you what was up when you sat up and waved at me."

I laughed again and nodded, drinking some of the Mountain Dew down gratefully, letting it cool my throat. It tasted like soda water, for some reason. "Weird as hell. Felt like gravity shifted for me, too, and pulled me onto my side." I grinned, "I thought the bed was eating me so I climbed up onto it."

Thomas laughed too, "Fuckin' trippy."

I tapped out the rhythm on my leg, explainging, "It felt like it was trying to eat my thoughts or something, licking at my mind about this fast. It was better when I got on the bed but I felt, like... uh... I don't know. Like I couldn't define myself or me or I anymore."

"Ego-death," Thomas nodded. "Had that when I did shrooms. Was fun."

"Was fucking scary as hell," I corrected him. "Though after a bit I guess I kind of accepted it. That's when I started coming down."

Thomas nodded and leaned back against his bed, dropping the Salvia and pipe back into the box before nudging it under the bed again. The room smelled like Nag Champa still, so I figured he had burned a little more of the incense. "Fuckin' trippy," he muttered again, shaking his head and lumbering over to his desk where he started up his laptop. I shifted myself off of my bed and over to my own computer, shaking the mouse to wake it back up since it seemed that Thomas had other things to do.

I checked to see if Kris was online. She wasn't, so I left myself set as away and opened up a text editor, figuring I'd write out my thoughts.

I sat for a few minutes staring at the blank screen. The windows still looked to me like how I had perceived the room in my moment of terror, as more border than anything substantial. Finally, I begun writing, haltingly and pausing often to think and stare at my screen.

HOW I BRIEFLY WENT CRAZY

or

MAKE ME ONE WITH EVERYTHING

My roommate gave me some salvia and told me to smoke it. Being the open-minded individual I try to be, I decided I'd go ahead, despite the risk of seeming like a druggie, something I worry about a lot more than I probably should. I watched my roommate try before I did, figuring I would get an idea of what happened. He laughed like a crazy man for about three minutes, and in another minute, he was back to his normal stoner self, saying that he didn't know what he was laughing about. Seemed fun enough.

There were three levels to the trip, and I'll go through each in turn.

ACTUAL:

This is what happened outside of the trip. Most of this was found out second-hand from my roommate, who was watching the whole process. I smoked a tiny pinch of 20x salvia extract (note to self: look this up later) and held the smoke for several seconds. I put the pipe down while I was holding the smoke and frowned, then laughed the smoke out. I proceeded to say 'whoa' and tip over onto my side, where I layed still except for occasionally shaking my head. Eventually, I seemed to freak out, then climbed back up onto the bed where I stayed tense before finally relaxing. I sat up after a bit and waved at my roommate, who laughed. By then, I was just about down.

PHYSICAL:

Everything was as described up until the time I laughed. I blew out the smoke and thought I was blowing myself backwards, but then it felt like gravity was shifting beneath me and despite trying to stop myself, I fell over onto my side, pulled there by gravity. I remember closing my eyes and watching it like that scene from Tron where the protagonist is traced into the computer program, but that's all I remember for a little bit. Except for the rhythmic pulse I heard and felt against the back of my head. With the frame digging into my back, it felt as though I was being eaten by the bed, so I crawled up on top of it to get away. This was one of the scariest things I had ever felt, so I stayed tense in bed until I started to come down, relaxing and feeling more comfortable.

MENTAL:

Mentally, I spent most of the time terrified of what was happening. After I thought the bed was eating me, I looked around and lost the concept of space, seeing borders of things instead of the things themselves. I climbed back into bed and experienced what my roommate called ego-death. I felt like I was disappearing as a person and simply part of a larger whole of everything. It seems cliche now, but I felt like I was starting to become one with everything, and it was terrifying. Finally I started to accept it, and that's when I started to come down from everything.

=====

So what does it all mean? I know I shouldn't look for meaning in the random misfirings of the brain on drugs, but the whole experience of ego-death was startling and felt extraordinarily deep. It makes me feel that I would be a fool to not take anything from this experience. I know that I'll be digesting this whole thing for a long time to come. It has sobered me up to the raw truth embedded in reality, and I'm starting to see everything in a whole new light. When I was coming down, Kris came to mind and I felt like I was seeing my affection for her from some sort of objective standpoint. I don't know how to explain it, but it felt as though it was just sort of a fact of who we were as people. Not destiny, just that that's how we were made to react towards each other.

I guess the net experience from the salvia is that everything was put into perspective. All of the terror and all of the weird physical and visual anomalies were just static produced by this foreign substance coursing through my body. The truly valuable part was the kernel of truth I gleaned from the matter. It showed me that my interactions between myself and others are always on the terms of me being a person, and of them being sort of projections from myself. Ego-death showed me how much deeper things really could be. It would be terrifying, but being able to experience someone as a truly separate entity as my sense of self dissolved would, I think, get me much closer to them in the long run. It brings to mind some experimenting that Kris and I could do, though I'm not sure that plumbing the depths of fear is something you really want to plan on doing with someone you like.

I saved the file with some sort of innocuous name that I hoped I would remember, leaning back in my chair and listening to Thomas playing music on his laptop, staring out the window instead. Now that I was down from the experience, I didn't feel so objective about my affection for Kris anymore. I felt incredibly strongly to be honest, almost as though I needed to see her right now.

I opted for a little bit of restraint instead and made my way back over to my bed so that I could sprawl out on my back comfortably, thinking of Kris, of all that had transpired in the last few weeks, and of how little gender really meant. When one ignored the dissonance created by acting contrary to what was expected by the self and others, it was liberating. It felt honest, truthful, and it made me happy.

But I had been finding, of course, that there are always consequences of dissonance, and those chaotic consequences stretched farther and wider than I would ever be able to predict.
The credits rolled on the film and Kris sagged heavily against me. She was in the process of educating me in film with some of her artsier DVDs. I wasn't quite sure what role alcohol played in the process, but when I mentioned that I had procured a bottle of gin through one of Thomas friends, she had insisted upon a movie night as if the two were inseparable.

So Friday night found us lounging on my bed with the pillows cushioning the wall we lounged against, drunkenly watching movies. She had eased me into the evening with something vaguely sci-fi, but the night turned quickly towards chick-flick with this last movie, though I did have to admit to enjoying the film quite a bit.

I stretched out and felt the pleasant fatigue that I noticed accompanied drinking, the slight warmth inside and the faint buzz in my head. I felt that I was still in the experimentation phase with alcohol and found that I had enjoyed being tipsy rather more than being drunk, and aimed for that this evening. Kris, on the other hand, while she had had the same amount as me, certainly seemed to be more heavily affected by the drink and was to the point of slurring her words.

"Mmf," she stated, rubbing her face against my sleeve. "S'a cute movie."

"I thought it was an art film."

"Oh, sure. Mos' art films are crap, though," she mumbled, giggling. "I like that one more for how cute it is."

I hugged my arm around her shoulders and pulled her up closer. "I liked it."

"Good. Would hit you if you didn't," Kris replied muffledly.

"Violent, abusive relationship," I murmurred, slipping myself off the bed to let Kris settle down onto her side, head propped up with one of her hands. I poked at the TV once or twice before finding the power button, plunging the room into darkness. I grabbed the empty two liter bottle off my desk and bonked it against Kris' head as best as I could while tipsy in the dark. "You, girl, need water. Don't sleep yet."

Taking the sigh as a reply, I made my way out into the corridor, proving how drunk I wasn't by walking all the more carefully to the water fountain to fill the bottle.

The movie, Amelie, was just about perfect, I thought. It wasn't that it described my own relationship with the girl in my room, but that the relationship in the film had described just about every emotion I'd felt in all of my relationships, ever.

"Fuck! Daydreaming," I mumbled, pulling the bottle away from the fountain and shaking the water I'd spilled on my hands off onto the floor. I made my way back to the room with the mostly-full water bottle, taking a few rather large gulps myself so that I could dedicate the rest to rehydrating my girlfriend.

In my room, I found Kris sitting up on the bed with her tired eyes smiling at me, gratefully taking the water and drinking it carefully. I crawled up onto the bed and sat down near to her.

"Thanks, Cor."

I nodded and sat silent for a bit, feeling a bit of a lump in my throat. The friday before fall break. A week away. "Stay here tonight?"

Kris laughed and nodded. "Duh, not walking back across campus drunk."

"Good," I sighed, relaxing to lounge on my bed as before. Mom had planned out most of my next week, and although we were hopeful and had each other's phone numbers, it didn't look as though I'd make it down to Boulder from Steamboat.

Kris drank about half of the water before capping the bottle and setting it down by the side of the bed. She grabbed at a pillow and piled it up at the head of the bed, flumping down tiredly on her back. I stretched out on my side next to her and rested my hand on her belly, that subtle roundness I had noticed when we first met always seemed to fit perfectly against my palm. I had even subtly dissuaded her from trying to lose weight because of it, which made me feel selfish and giddy.

We shared a few tired kisses while the utter darkness of the room drove us toward sleep.

I had never slept well with anyone in the bed. Their slightest movement would wake me and even a little bit of sound kept me awake. It was hard enough even with Thomas on the other side of the room, and it was no different with Kris in the same bed as me. I drifted in and out of sleep in the rhythm of her movements, fragments of dream mixing with reality so that I was never quite sure which was which even as we dozed under the covers, still fully clothed.

I dreamt that I was a balloon or some sort of gaseous, expansive creature. Floating, but held down to earth by the blankets, held in check by clothing covering almost all of me. My emotions were expansive, and I felt as though there was a need to get in contact with a similar sort of creature that was oh-so-close. My pensive feelings about being away from Kris seemed to translate into this physical yearning to merge with her even as we slept.

I floated closer to reality and further from the dream as I felt her shift against me. I heard someone's breath catch but wasn't sure whose as our arms tightened around each other almost simultaneously. The transition from sleep to wakefulness was seamless, a glide through a spectrum of blues to black, and even before I was completely there, her lips found mine and we settled into a kiss. She slid her knee between my own to wedge my thighs apart with her own, and I slid my fingers up beneath the hem of her shirt to brush my hand over smooth skin and press her closer from the small of her back.

More awake than asleep now, I heard her moan quietly into my mouth and we pressed ourselves closer still. My head was still full of the buzzing from the gin and it seemed to not leave any room for concern as I felt my erection pressed firmly to her hip. She broke the kiss and we stayed silent --- it felt as though there was some sort of communication between our subconscious thoughts.

What followed seemed to be choreographed by those same thoughts. The urgency picked up and I brushed my hand up along her back, helping Kris slide out of her shirt even as she reached her hand around to undo her bra. My shirt followed and, topless, we resumed the kiss with a new fervor.

A few awkward moments followed as both of our hands went to work at helping the other out of their pants without breaking kiss if at all possible. I leaned myself in against her front as I felt myself so close to that dream of merging, my arm fast around her back to hold her close against me. Still in our underwear, my arousal had tented out my boxers and was sandiwiched between us, every movement from either person translated into electric pleasure.

I felt her nails as she pushed her fingers down over my back and slid them beneath the waistband of my underwear, grazing over my backside and pushing the garmen down a little ways. With my consciousness starting to invade my thoughts, I pulled back from the kiss and whispered, "Kris, we--"

She shook her head and cut me off by reinitiating the kiss, tugging at my lower lip with her own. I paused for a moment and she took the opportunity to take the lead, sliding my boxers down over my hips. I raised myself up off the mattress a little to let her do so and shivered at the sudden exposure that lead to. It took me a second, but I followed her example, hooking my thumb through the waistband of her panties and sliding them down her thighs.

She was the next to break the kiss as she pulled me to her fingers guiding me towards her even as she freed a leg from her underwear and used her foot to push my boxers down around my ankles. "It's okay, Cor," she gasped. Then, "Please..." She pulled me in against her and rolled partway onto her back, the motion completing our union as I slid against her, bringing us together completely.

A corner of my mind was all that was left to observe the rest. Sex with girls wasn't that different than sex with guys, it thought. No, it recanted, it was totally different. Then even that shut down and all that was left was movement, slow and attentive. The alcohol had dulled our nerves and consequently, the experience was drawn out until, our motions growing ever more frantic, bright lights popped in the back of my skull as my orgasm washed over me, Kris shuddering and breathing hoarsely against me.

We melted against each other and stayed united for as long as possible before, sleepily, we separated and each pulled our underwear back on, each cleaning up a bit in the process. We returned to the embrace and buried ourselves under the covers, sharing feathery kisses and whispering to each other as we held close.

"We weren't... safe," I realized aloud, calm despite the implications.

"I'm on the pill," Kris replied sleepily. "And you're not sick, are you?"

I shook my head a little and bumped my nose against hers. "You might get the gay, though."

I felt her smile as she kissed at me, "I think I might've given you the straight, Cor."

Comfortable together like that, sleep surprised me --- I didn't wake until morning.
Mom and I piled into the car at about seven that morning, squeezing ourselves in amongst a laundry basket full of a bubble of my clothes, my computers, and bedding enough for one who lives in Colorado and knows what the winters can be like. Check in wasn't until four that afternoon, but there was still quite the drive ahead of us in order to get there on time and to give us some time in town for lunch and walking.

"Exciting, isn't it?" my mom said.

"Yeah, stoked," I replied with as much sarcasm as I could muster that early in the morning. "Why can't you empty-nest like all the other parents?"

She laughed. "Why would I? I get the dogs all to myself now, I can go hiking whenever I want, and hey, I can make as much spinach as I want. Maybe I'll even rent out your room"

"Hey, I like spinach too! And you know I'm going to go crazy without my pups there to keep me company."

She nodded and focused on getting us down the mountain of her driveway and onto asphalt. Steamboat is tucked nicely in a valley, and the floor of that valley is decently flat, but unless you live in the middle of the town, you're in the hills. Much as I loved the Rocky Mountains, I had no desire to go to college in my hometown, sacrificing proximity to home for a school that wasn't filled with slackers who picked the school based on its proximity to the very popular ski slope. I really was excited to be going to college, where I could get an education that was pertinent to me.

The next hour or so was spent in silence rather than our usual banter due to the early hour. I nursed my coffee for most of that time and watched as we pulled north from the town, slipping past habitation and into the densely packed wilderness, walls of building giving way to the walls of the pine forest. We wound our way up and north - up into the passes and north of the town, driving for Wyoming. Even though I was going to school almost directly east, it was faster for us to duck up to Wyoming for I-80 and head for I-25 to duck south back into Colorado to head for Fort Collins than to try driving east.

With the sun heading to the top of the sky, I drained my now chilly coffee in a few quick gulps and reached back behind my seat to tuck the travel mug into my backpack. The mug had been one of my parting gifts from my friends who still had a year left of high school, and my mom had supplemented that with a small coffee maker. I had told her I didn't like drip coffee, but she assured me that I would most certainly get more use out of that coffee maker than any of my textbooks. Hard to disagree there.

"I can't believe you picked somewhere so flat!" she exclaimed, breaking the silence of our drive to that point.

"Me either. I feel as though I'm twice as tall there and I might just tip over, like it's harder to balance or something."

"At least there are plenty trees."

"Yeah, to hide the lack of mountains."

"And you can bike easier."

"Mmhm." I could sense where this was headed. My mom would always talk about the town before broaching the next subject.

"And why did you pick such a stuck up little cow-town? I mean, it's not Greeley, but you could've gone to Boulder! Fort Collins is so... so..."

"Conservative? I know, but that's just the town. I'll be living in the dorms."

"Do you think they'll be that different?" she asked, sounding genuinely worried by now.

"I hope so," I murmurred distractedly. We'd had most of this conversation before. "You know what they say: if you're not a liberal in college, you have no heart."

"Well, you know the rest of that saying says that if you're not a conservative by forty that you have no brain, and plenty of your classmates' parents will have chosen their school for them; indoctrinated them."

"Like you did me?" I grinned back to her sidelong glare.

"Be serious, you know what I mean..."

I nodded and sat for a bit before replying, "At least I'm not going to Wyoming."

"I don't think I'd let you." Her expression turned pained, "Don't want you to be the next Matthew Shepherd. Poor kid..."

"I know, mom. You saw the office, though, they clearly have enough gay people there for them to have an office, and to have some influence ofver how things are run."

She nodded and shrugged as best as one can while holding at ten and two, a cautious driver. "But that's a group thing. You know, sociology and what not. That's not going to stop some crazy individual who's convinced deep down that God hates fags and it's their sworn duty to usher them straight to hell."

"Well, yeah. I promise I'll be safe," I said dismissively. This conversation was getting worn out from how often we had had it. "And hey, maybe I'll even meet someone local to date."

Smirking, she replied, "You can date whoever you want, Cory, I'm not going to stop you. I am going to suggest that those internet relationships you've had aren't exactly healthy, is all. Much as I liked Chris..."

Nice disclaimer, I thought. And she really had liked Chris. It was tough on both of us when that relationship had ended as poorly as it did. "I know, I know. I'll go shopping and bring home a nice boy sometime, one of those funny ones."

"Hey," she said mock defensively, laughing. "I'm not the one that needs a boyfriend, it's you. Date who you want, seriously. Jared and I will support you, whoever you wind up with."

"Yeah," I said distractedly. I got the feeling that Jared wasn't exactly a big fan of having a gay step son. Mom had the final say, though, and promised me that even if that was the case, I came first for her, and didn't have anything to worry about on that end.

Another bit of silence greeted us as the trees around the road began to thin and the omnipresent greenery shifted from the greenish blue of the pine trees to the brownish green of scrub. Wyoming was close. I hoped that meant food was close, as well. We had planned on stopping somewhere along I-80 in order to pick something up.

"Did you ever get in touch with your roommate?" mom asked.

"Yeah, he emailed me back. Sounds like kind of a jerk," I said, brow furrowing. "He's in some sort of fraternity, I think. Hopefully that means I won't see him much. Don't know how I feel about living with someone who spells 'cool' with a 'k'."

"Great," she muttered in response. "Now I'm really worried."

"Don't be, mom. You know I can take care of myself."

"So you always say, I just don't want you calling me to say you couldn't prove that."

I blinked and frowned, mildly offended at that. I stared out the window for a little bit before looking over at my mom who had the steering wheel in a while-knuckled grip. She looked genuinely worried, "I'll talk to the GLBT student services guys about it, just to make sure I've got someone on my side if something happens, promise."

She nodded and relaxed her grip somewhat, "Alright. Didn't mean to sound rude, I just worry sometimes."

I gave a little sigh of a laugh, "Maybe you are empty nesting."
Things were less hectic at my dad's, owing of course to the fact that no one had recently lost their job. Christmas dinner proved to be more turkey, which was excellent as usual, as well as a few beers on everyone's part. Thusly inebriated, my dad, Jenny, and I got into a discussion about relationships, particularly after I mentioned the strain I had felt between my mom and Jared. Both of them offered their support, which I knew I wouldn't pass on in order to avoid any awkwardness. Both also congratulated me on how well my relationship with Kris seemed to be going, and as my gift for Christmas, my dad gave me another three hundred dollars in order to help out both with the trip later during break as well as for during the semester.

Figuring I would stay down in Colorado Springs until the New Years party, I typed up a flyer on a whim --- "New computer? New troubles? Call for help!" was the gist of it --- and posted it on a few lightpoles around the town where I figured i might get a few hits. As it turned out my services were indeed needed, and my current pricing undersold one or two other businesses that were trying to do the same thing, so I wound up making another hundred and eighty dollars, though none of the appointments lasted longer than an hour. I spent a bit of time stringing cable and setting up new wireless routers, but most of my time by far was spent introducing people to their new computers. I gained a new respect for the technophobes: I knew of no other class of people that was so obstinate against learning something new. I was continually confronted with furrowed brows and hesitant answers as I tried to explain the vagueries of email. This served to reaffirm my choice of study in college. If I had gotten stuck doing this for the rest of my life, I would've lost faith in humanity.

Money was money, though, and gas prices were on the climb, so those extra six hours of my time I was sure would prove to be quite useful in getting me around the state for fun and profit. Nearly a thousand dollars in my bank account was sure to help out during school, because I surely didn't plan on spending all of that during break. Money in the bank certainly felt nice, though so I figured I would go ahead and follow advice and get a job during next semester if I was able, in order to start earning enough in order to support myself should funding get cut off or cut back sometime in the future.

Come New Years, though, I drove around and took down all of the signs. Not even twenty bucks an hour would keep me from the possibility of going to see Kris. I was starting to miss her dearly by this point, and the concept of the drive to Boulder in the snow was not going to stop me from making my way up there. I left the house by noon, figuring that would get me up north before the party started, just in case Kris and I wanted to do something before hand. If not, I could always putter around the town and check it out until the time when I could go and see her.

Leaving early turned out to be a good idea. I had apparently forgot that I wouldn't be the only one driving to a New Years party on new years, because it seemed as though everyone who had a car was on the road and trying to go from one town to the next. I got stuck in traffic in Denver for a little while before I could make my way onto the turnpike between Denver and Boulder. More traffic just outside Boulder, of course. By the time I got to the city, I figured I'd only be ten minutes early, though, so I gave Kris a call to let her know that I would be there on time. She sounded breathless and excited.

By the time I parked, nearly half a block away from their house, it was dark and the party was apparently just about to start. I walked quickly up to the house and, before I even made it onto the lawn, the door opened and Kris, decked out in a button up black shirt and that same dress I had seen her in the first time I met her, bounded out to greet me with a hug.

"Oof, hey!" I laughed, "Hope I'm not under-dressed" I had neglected to ask, and aimed for somewhere between casual and formal with khaki slacks slacks (Wal-Mart) and a blue-jean colored button up shirt (Kohl's)

"Nah, you look fine. Like a dork, but fine." She grinned and tugged at my fake-denim shirt.

"Gee, thanks a lot, dear," I rolled my eyes.

"Whatever, Cor," she said, leaning to kiss me on the cheek. "Come on, it's friggin' cold out here."

We piled into the warm, yellow light of the living room and shut the door behind us. I was greeted with a hug and a handshake, respectively, by Kris' mother and father, who introduced me to the other couple that had gotten there a little earlier.

"There's snacks and small food in the kitchen," Kris' mother was saying. "We invited quite a bit of people, so if you guys need to duck downstairs, feel free. We figured there'd be a few bored kids about, so we set the basement up as a retreat from boring adulthood."

I smiled and nodded, "Thank you, Mrs.Careen."

She smiled back, "I'd tell you to call me Kathy, dear, but I know you probably won't."

Her husband laughed and whacked me on the shoulder, "Well, Kristal did say that he was polite and chivalrous, didn't she?"

I felt my ears redden then arched to the side when Kris pinched at me. "Cory's nice, don't you two go about trying to ruin him," she said, standing with arms akimbo. "Better polite than Dante, right?"

Kathy rolled her eyes and walked back into the kitchen, shaking her head. "Ain't that the truth, kiddo," James said.

"Dante?" I had a guess, but I still felt decidedly out of the loop.

"Ex," Kris said, shaking her head before I could ask any further. "Come on," she instructed. "Lets go pick up some food. Mom's a good cook, and their friends all brought a bunch of food."

Indeed, Kris' mom was a very good cook. There was daal, an Indian lentil stew; spanikopetes, Greek spinach and cheese pastries; rolls; cookies with what looked to be jam spread in a pattern on top of them; and several different loaves of bread that all looked to be different flavors. I piled some of everything on my paper plate along with a styrofoam cup of the daal. The other couple had brought baked beans speckled with chunks of hotdogs, which I stayed away from at all costs.

Since everyone seemed to be gathering in the livingroom, Kris and I made our way back out there together and found ourselves a spot on the love seat, spending our time eating while the 'adults' made small talk and laughed at lame jokes about work and politics.

Finally, Kris turned more towards me and started up our own conversation. "So how was the last week? Only got to talk to you once."

"Yeah, sorry 'bout that," I said, washing down a bite of spanikopeta with a spoonful of lentils. "Family stuff and all. It was good. Made a bit more money, so I'm set for the rest of break and into the semester," I said carefully, unsure of weather I should bring up the trip bluntly.

Kris nodded, but her mom surprised us by asking, "What do you do for work over break?"

"Oh," I shrugged. "Fixing computers for people. I made almost two hundred in the days after Christmas just helping people set up their new computers."

"Are you studying computer science in school?" asked the husband of the couple whose names I couldn't remember.

I shook my head, "Music education. I decided I didn't like computers enough to make it my job."

A Significant Look passed between the couple, and the wife said, "The market for computers has stopped booming anyway, I think."

"Well, I don't know," began her husband. "Quantum's doing fine, seems like."

As the discussion continued between the couple, soon enveloping Kris parents, continued, it became clear that my becoming involved in the discussion was an anomoly best forgotten. I shrugged and smiled at Kris, who grinned and patted my knee. I'd never understand group dynamics, I thought.

"How 'bout your break?" I asked, reaching back to the original topic.

"Oh, it was fine." Kris sipped at a glass of water, food resting in her lap. "Was good to see the family again, I suppose. Kinda good to be back home, you know?"

I laughed and nodded, "Yeah, felt good to be back up in the mountains. They make the world seem a lot smaller, unlike the plains."

"Yeah. When I got back home, it almost felt like the Flatirons were going to tip over and crush me. Had a semester out with no real hills to speak of."

And so it continued. I told Kris about the troubles going on at my mom's while Kris related stories about her grand parents' visit as couples arrived, one or two with teens sulking behind them that brightened up as soon as they saw Kris. I was introduced to everyone in turn, and remembered no one's name. I was a little too focused on the pleasure of being introduced as Kris' boyfriend. Every time, it gave me a small twinge of pride.

Things finally started to pick up at around eight or nine that evening. There were, by my count, twenty three people at the party now, plus myself. Kitchen table had filled up with food and I did my duty of keeping it out of the mouths of starving children in Africa. Even one semester in college had taught me to never pass up free food.

The crowd had fractured into several small conversational groups. It seemed as though five or six people would gravitate towards one or two people that would spend the most time talking just so that they could nod their heads and smile at strategic moments. Unable to fathom the group dynamics involved, I turned into one of those head-nodders and just followed Kris around, getting into one or two small polite conversations about school or my relationship with Kris, but spending most of the time just hanging by her side, glass of juice in hand (while Kris had mentioned that we would get a glass of champagne at midnight, her parents were decidedly against underage drinking; I was starting to feel bad about drinking as much as I did at such an early age, anyway).

When the group seemed to reach the maximum amount of fracturing it could withstand, there was something of a unanimous, tacet decision amongst the younger demographic to migrate downstairs to the promised den.

A second round of introductions went around, now that we were a little more used to seeing each other around the house, and those in highschool still were not under the careful eye of their parents. There was more laughing, too, as we sat around, some on a futon couch and some on the floor, the TV on to some random movie more for the ambiance of a television than for us to watch.

"So, Dante?" I asked Kris when the younger group had started to fracture much as the older crowd had.

Kris shook her head and looked down at her drink, "It's a long story."

I checked my phone and shrugged, "Well, we have three hours until midnight, so time's not an issue." I hastened to add, "Of course, if you don't want to talk about it, that's okay. I was just curious."

"No," she wavered, then seemed to make up her mind. "Nah, now's as good a time as any. We leaned back against the wall next to a book case where we sat on the floor, each with our legs stretched out in front of us and crossed at the ankles.

"This isn't too public or anything, is it?" Everyone else seemed to be clustered in little groups of two and three near the TV, but I figured I'd ask for sanity's sake.

Kris gave half a smile and shrugged, "Wouldn't have started if it was. Anyway, yeah, Dante. I went out with him for a few years during high school. He was my first boyfriend. You're my second, by the way. We hit it off pretty well when we met. He was sarcastic and funny, I was weird and funny. Neither of us were really all that popular. We hung out a lot in the halls in high school and people watched, even when we were supposed to be in class. Open campus and all that. And you should've seen our highschool. Not a right angle in sight, all these acute and obtuse things that were supposed to, like, break us out of the mold of thinking in the box or something. Of course, the walls were all bare concrete that had vertical stripes gouged in them. It made the place look like a prison. There were even rumors that the place was designed by a guy that designed nothing but prisons.

"Anyway, so yeah. We wound up hanging out more and more and then just sort started going out. It was kinda funny. We never talked about it or anything. We just sorta started going out without talking about it. My parents were okay with it, though I got the feeling they didn't really like him. You saw the way my mom reacted earlier. They later told me they thought he was something of a deadbeat who didn't seem to be going anywhere in life. I agree now. He works at some sandwich shop near the school. Never graduated. Got his GED a semester before he would've.

"I liked him, though, and he liked me. He was fun to talk to and make fun of all the stupid kids with. He let me try pot for the first time, and I had my first real drink with him, and tried cigarettes too, though I didn't like either of those then. Still don't like tobacco." She cleared her throat and took a small swallow of her juice, "Anyway. Things were fun and all that, and we would lay around outside or inside and just sort of talk. We talked a lot. Lot more than us, by the way. Trying to get you to talk more."

I laughed and slipped my arm around her shoulders for a brief hug.

"We never had sex, though. We would talk about it and sometimes, I would feel him, you know... reacting to it when we would lay together, but I would chicken out every time. He would start touching me or something. My breasts or whatever, sometimes would try to put his hand down my pants, but I would always start feeling really dirty and stop him. He was always pretty cool with that, though.

"Then, one day we ditched out of school early and went over to his place and got stoned. I mean, like, totally fucked up, completely wasted on his crazy strong weed he had. It knocked me down pretty bad. I could only lay on his bed and pet his cat while I stared at the ceiling, watching it sort of breathe at me. I felt like I couldn't move. Dante lay with me and just kept kind of talking. I don't remember what he said actually meaning anything, just sort of mumbling words. I remember it turned into kind of a drone and I felt like it was sort of lulling me somewhat."

Her face turned red and her voice got quieter. "Then he just kinda... undressed me. I was wearing a skirt like this and a guy's button up shirt. He just kinda sat up and took them off." Her face went still and stony, reminding me of my talk with Jamen weeks ago. "I couldn't do anything. I couldn't stop him. I couldn't really think of anything to say, and it just kind of felt like I was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching. He just put a condom on and went at it, you know? I just felt like I was sitting there, watching him screw me, and I wasn't moving at all. Just staring at the ceiling, you know?"

I held one of her hands in my own and she gave it a little squeeze in return. Her story had a rehearsed quality to it despite all the repitition, and I felt as though she had practiced itin order to tell it with the minimum of emotion required. All I could do was stare and wonder at the stillness of her voice. I would've been sobbing.

"So yeah. He finished and just went back to smoking. I slowly came down from being as high as I was. I just got dressed again and left. He was sitting on his computer and didn't even really look up at me and I didn't look at him. Just put myself back together and walked home.

"Our relationship ended there. We just kind of stopped talking to each other from that point on. I didn't tell anyone what had happened, and I assumed he didn't either. I still wonder about that. I kind of get the feeling he was just as embarassed about the whole thing as I was. I don't think he was acting as himself. And before you say anything, I'm not making any excuses. I've watched the same thing happen twice before to my friends, and each time, they kept it all quiet like I did, but I could tell from the start that the boys had planned the whole thing out like that. They'd go and gloat about it to their friends and it'd turn into a big deal and the girl would be crying in the bathroom all the time."

Kris faltered and shrugged, breaking her still mask and giving me another half smile, "That's about it, I guess. Didn't trust myself to have another boyfriend until I knew I was ready. And our first time... well, I was kinda drunk, you know. It showed me that it could be nice, you know?"

All I could do was nod. My little spat with Chris seemed like so little now, after hearing that. I squeezed her hand in mine again and leaned over to kiss at her temple. I kept my face near hers and murmurred to her the only thing I could think of saying, "Wow... thanks for trusting me enough to share..."

She laughed a little and tilted her head away from me as if I was tickling her ear with my breath. "I thought I might just make something up, but I figure if I can't trust you, I can't trust anyone." She finished her drink and set the cup aside so that she could lean in against me.

"You two are pretty cute together."

I blinked and looked up to see one of the other kids --- Alan, I think his name was --- grinning down at us from where he had just come down the stairs, lugging a plate of snacks. Kris smiled up at him bashfully and I couldn't think to do anything but copy her.

He laughed and shook his head sitting down on the office chair nearby, "Didn't know you had a boyfriend, Kris. Meet him at school?" He added quickly, "Sorry if I'm interrupting something, just let me know..."

Kris shook her head and sat up straight again, the both of us just sitting at the base of the wall like we had been. "You're fine. Yeah, met Cory in one of my classes."

Alan smiled and nodded, "You're up at CSU, right? How is it way up there?"

I shrugged, "It's alright. Flat."

He laughed. "How is it people wise? Pretty conservative?"

"Yeah," Kris said.

"Not as bad as Colorado Springs," I added. "Not by a long shot."

He nodded and took a drink, though the gesture looked staged, what with the cup in his left hand. I saw why pretty quickly. Showing the little rainbow chain-link bracelet around his wrist. Smooth, I though.

I nodded towards his wrist, "Definitely more friendly than the Springs."

Alan blushed despite his little act, or perhaps as part of it. "Oh... yeah, I would hope so." He leaned in a little closer and lowerd his voice somewhat, "You bi?"

I blinked. Gay-dar? I always thought it was a bit of a hoax, but every now and then someone would guess about me and I would question it. With both of them looking at me I shrugged, "I... well, I guess so."

"Kinda struck me as a gay guy," Alan said quietly.

"Thought I was until I met Kris..." I smiled slightly.

He nodded and sat back in his chair, picking at his food. He seemed to have regretted bringing the whole thing up, now for some reason. We sat in silence for a bit, while I thought about what I had done to give my sexuality away. I was hardly effeminate, and I hadn't done anything to give it away. Hell, the last guy I had looked at in any sort of attractive way was, I was ashamed to admit, Jamen.

"Funny how things work," Kris said after a bit. She looked thoughtful in a decidedly cold sort of way.

"Oh?" Alan looked taken aback.

"Just gender and all. Seems to mean an awful lot to people," she said quietly.

"I didn't mean..." he began. "No, I mean you guys really are cute together, didn't mean to insult..."

I smiled in what I hoped was a disarming manner, "Well, I guess it does mean a lot to some people, but it's not always the deciding factor. I'm happy with Kris, even though it was a big change."

Both smiled at me and nodded. I relaxed a little, not realizing that I had been so tense to begin with. Man, I thought, even with people who didn't know me, it was like coming out all over again.

"Gender means rather a lot to me," Alan shrugged, blushing. "Don't think I could go out with a girl... no offense or anything."

Kris laughed, "None taken. I don't think I could go out with a girl, either."

"Don't have to worry about losing you to your roommate, then," I joked.

"God, no." She laughed, "Erin's got her boy, remember? Don't think you have to worry about either of us."

Alan grinned at the two of us. "So it's pretty friendly up there and all?" he asked, trying to get back onto the topic he had started.

"Yeah, it's fine. It's more conservative, but it's hard not be liberal on a college campus, know what I mean? There's a pretty big community on campus there. They've got a student services office and everything."

"Ah, alright," he nodded. "I was thinking about going there for vet medicine, but was kinda worried."

I shrugged, "Don't think you need to be. It's a good school and a cool place. Not that bad."

The conversation wandered on from there, the three of us discussing the relative merits of mountains and plains, and how that changed things such as what type of bike you wanted to buy. It took me several minutes to realize that we were our own little group fractured away from the whole, that Kris and I had been for quite a while now.

I was just in the process of digging in my pocket for my phone when Kris' dad called down the stairs, "Hey! Guys! Come on up! Ten minutes to go!"

Upstairs, they had a TV on a wheeled cart and had moved it to the little dining room nook. Almost all of the adults were gathered in the dining area, kitchen, and back end of the living room. It was hot and muggy up stairs from so many bodies and so much food heating the room up. The French doors had been opened and one or two adventurous people were even standing outside, cooling themselves off by standing in the three feet of cement free of snow left by the overhang of the roof. The cool air did feel pretty good, and I gravitated toward the open door with Kris in tow.

The TV was tuned to one of the local news stations so that we could watch the ball drop as, Kris' mom explained to me after finding us, was a tradition in the family and had led to parties like this. I had never really paid attention to such things, so I stayed inside the house to watch. I was tall enough to see over most of the people milling in the dining room, and the TV was set back a little ways. Kris wandered over and leaned back against my front, so I hugged my arms around her middle as he watched the show and listened to the adults chatter. I caught her parents smiling at us from across the room out of the corner of my eye. I smiled back sheepishly and they looked away, back at the TV. Kathy leaning over to whisper something in her husband's ear. A quick glance showed that they were holding hands.

Finally, with a minute left, Kris' father reached into the fridge and got out several bottles of champagne, and looking behind him, I saw a couple of rows of plastic champagne flutes lined up on the counter. The bottles where handed to what I assumed were a few trusted accomplices who all made their way outside.

"Ten! Nine! Eight!" we counted along with the TV. Those outside tore the foil off their individual bottles.

"Seven! Six! Five!" the wire cork baskets were untwisted with thumbs held over the corks. I held Kris a little tighter against my front.

"Four! Three! Two! One!" And finally, drowning out the sound of the corks popping, "Happy New Year!"

A cheer went up around the room and Kris twisted about in my arms and leaned up to give me a kiss. I returned it, keeping it chaste, conscious always of being surrounded by a good number of other people. Finally, she settled back onto her heels and draped her arms around my neck, "Here's to doing this again next year."

I smiled wide enough that I was sure she would call me a dork as always, but she just leaned in closer to rest her head on my shoulder while those in the room half sang, half mumbled Auld Lang Syne along with the music from the TV. We stayed like that for several minutes until Kris' mom tapped her on the shoulder to separate us while her father pressed a plastic glass of champagne into my left hand, shaking my right firmly.

He leaned in close to say quietly near my ear, "Thank you for making my daughter so happy."

I bowed my head in response and tried to hide behind my sparkling wine as I took a sip. He whacked me lightly on the shoulder and moved away through the crowd, his wife in tow.

We spent another hour or so upstairs, picking at the now cold food and talking with a few of the other guests. People seemed to be leaving in a steady stream, and by one o'clock, there were only three other guests left: a couple and their son, Alan. Kris' mother seemed to be anxious to see them off and hinted at such by starting to clean up around the house, but the father was in a discussion with James and didn't look to be wrapping it up. Kris, Alan, and I followed Kathy around, helping to clean up while Alan's mother stood next to her husband and occasionally shot us an apologetic look.

Finally, Alan's father seemed to get the hint, and within five minutes, gathered up his son and wife and found his way back to the car. The four of us remained alone in the living room, just standing and trying to digest the silence and emptiness of the house.

"Alright, guys," Kathy smiled to us after a bit. "Thank you for your help. I'm done in, though, we'll get the rest in the morning."

I nodded and suddenly felt awkward standing there with Kris and her parents, knowing that I was then supposed to sleep over but not knowing the protocol. Was I supposed to follow Kris downstairs? If so, was that futon meant for me while Kris slept in her own bedroom? If I was to share a bed with her, was it meant to be chaste? Sleeping with our clothes on?

Everyone else seemed to pick up on the awkwardness as well, and Kris finally let out a nervous laugh, which we all followed along with.

"Well, sorry about that," Kris' mom said. "Cory, I can't ask you to sleep on the couch with anything, but, uh... there's an extra set of blankets and pillows in the linen closet in the downstairs bathroom..."

"Mom!" Kris was bright red and looked horrified.

"Yeesh, relax, Kristal," James laughed. "Someone had to broach it. Just don't stay up too late, alright? Keep it quiet down there."

"Dad!"

I had to remind myself to close my mouth. Everyone was flushed bright red and stood around for another moment before Kristal's parents left for their own bedroom, laughing and shaking their heads, talking amongst each other, something about growing up quickly.

"Jesus, parents," Kris said, sounding exasperated.

I could only nod in response.

"Well, whatever. They're weird. C'mon, Cor."

We made our way back downstairs and instead of turning toward the den kept going straight to a door that had been shut for most of the evening. Kris apologized preemptively for the mess and let me follow her in. The room was cozy and she still had a bunch packed away in boxes, but her bed was set up nicely with a green comforter and blue pillow cases. She sat on the edge and I stood leaning against the door jam, looking over the room.

Kris finally laughed and leaned forward to grab at my hand and pull me over to her. I stumbled and grinned down to her as she sat on the bed, towering over her. She hugged her arms around the backs of my thighs and rested her head against my belly. I brushed my fingers through her hair once or twice before leaning away from her, embarassed at the beginnings of an erection.

I sat next to her on the bed and tugged my shoes off and set them next to the dresser before leaning in to kiss at her cheek. I smiled, "Awkward."

She laughed and wove her fingers with mine. "Yeah, I know. I keep feeling like they're going to like, barge in or that they've got a stethoscope on the floor above us. Oh well."

I nodded and sat still for a little, finally relaxing from the evening. "I'm friggin' beat from this evening. You cool with bed?"

Kris nodded and stood up to kick her own shoes off next to mine and to turn off the light. Left in the dark, the only light being the clock and a vague yellow glow coming from the window well of her one window, I lay back on her bed. My girlfriend's bed, I though, amazed that this still was so surprising to me. I heard Kris shuffling about in the dark, apparently as blinded as I was. I felt her fingertips brush against my knee and giggled. The fingertips traveled quickly up my thight and passed hesitantly over the crotch of my slacks before finding my stomach, then sliding off to the bed beside me. I felt that hand push down into the mattress as she put her weight into it. I let out a quiet grunt as she lifted herself up onto the bed, swung one leg over mine, and straddled my hips.

I set my hands on her sides and felt her lean over until her nose bumped into my cheek. We shared another kiss before she pulled back. "Thank you for coming, Cor. And for listening. Earlier, I mean."

I nodded, nose brushing against her own. "Of course. Thanks for having me over."

She kissed me again and I rubbed my hands against her hips, not even trying to hide my body's reaction to hers. She shifted her weight all to one hand and slipped the other between us to fumble with my belt, getting it unbuckled and tugging it from around my waist.

Our paranoia about her parents lead to our moving slowly and quietly, which changed everything about the experience, made it all the more special. It was nearly three by the time we fell asleep, both still wearing our shirts in case one of her parents were to check in on us. More than the quiet sex or the fear of being caught, however, I remembered our last exchange before sleep.

"Cor, you know I really like you," she had murmurred.

I nodded, "You know I like you too."

She chuckled quietly and was silent for a bit. Then, "Just wanted to say that."

"Mm."

"Not going to say 'I love you' until I know I mean it for real."

I had been on the verge of dozing off, but that woke me up. I nodded and hugged her a little tighter, her back against my front.

"I hope you understand."

"I do." I swallowed, thinking of how quickly I told Chris that I loved him. "I'll do the same."

She nodded, and we lay together. Finally, and I can't be sure she really said this because I was nearly asleep by that point, she whispered, "But the more I think about it, the better it gets."
I woke with a start. The music was stopped, but my computer's monitor was still on, the simply displaying the time in one corner. What passed as a screen saver for me. I was cold and thirsty, and the only thing near by was the half-full beer bottle. I grabbed at it and held onto it for a moment before deciding against it. I needed water. At least the bottle, by the slight chill, told me I hadn't been asleep too long.

I climbed clumsily over the sleeping form in my bed and stumbled to my desk to grab my travel mug, slipping out of my room and pulling the cable-lock between the door jam and door so that I wouldn't be locked out. Shuffling down the hall toward the drinking fountain, I brushed my rumpled clothes out and tugged my shirt down over my pants absent mindedly and somehow still self-consciously to hide the slight tent there. Morning wood strikes, even at twelve thirty at night.

It wasn't until I was rinsing the coffee taste from my mug that the rest of the evening came back to me. Holy crap, I thought. There was another person in my bed. And it was a girl! My ears reddened at the thought, then reddened further as I felt my erection, that traitor, subside now that I was more awake. I was still too tired to think the whole thing through, but not too tired to be embarassed about it; hopefully Kris hadn't noticed.

I downed a glass of water and filled my mug again before heading back to my room, slipping quietly into my room once more and letting the door shut as quietly as possible. Kris was still breathing heavily from my bed. I shuffled toward the sound as I struggled to see in the dark. Questing fingers finding the fabric of my sheets, I sat myself down on the edge of the bed and took another sip of water.

"Mm, Cor," Kris slurred and reached out a hand, only to whack me in the side. She pulled herself around closer to me and blinked at me sleepy. "Tha' water?" she mumbled.

I nodded and took one last sip before sacrificing the rest of the mug to She Who Likely Had Cotton Mouth Pretty Bad.

I shook myself some. I was already thinking in terms of endearment.

Kris propped herself up on one elbow as she slurped at the water noisily, getting halfway through it before coughing violently. I took the cup from her before she spilled the rest on my bed and patted her between the shoulders, "Swallowing, s'one of those key skills," I murmurred.

She punched me feebly in the side before finishing her coughing fit and scooting up behind me some, half-curling around my lower back, keeping her head propped up on her fist. "Dork."

"Mm," I agreed.

She seemed to tense up as she woke up a little more, leaning away from me a little cautiously, "Sure you're okay with earlier?"

"No," I said, shaking my head and reaching around behind her to lean back onto my hands, effectively trapping her where she was. "Not sure," I added. "Not yet."

Kris nodded and folded her arm in and down like origami, resting her head on her bicep. "Lemme know when you are." She added quietly, "Or if you aren't."

We stayed quiet for a few minutes.

"It," I began, then paused. "I mean, I liked it, and that's why I'm not sure." I sounded stupid and trite to myself, like I was quoting lines from a movie. I shrugged it off.

"Mm."

I sat up a little and pushed at her side a little, "Scoot, I want to lay down."

Kris wiggled herself back across the bed until she was near the wall and I was struck again by how narrow the beds were. I hoped my body wouldn't make too much of an ass out of me in such close quarters. I stretched myself out along the bed again anyway, facing the girl --- girl! --- who had kissed me, and I had kissed back. She smiled sleepily and lifted her arm, holding the covers for me and looking for all the world like a stoned parody of Batman spreading one of his wings.

I shifted myself a little closer toward her and gratefully let her drape the covers over me. Her hand dropped over my side and she gave a feeble sort of tug, a pained 'c'mere' look on her face. I giggled a little and scooted in a little closer, resting my hand on her side, just above the waistband of her pants. This wasn't satisfactory, I guess, because she pulled at me a little more forcibly, straightening her legs out as she tugged herself up to my front. I gave in and let my arm slip down around her back.

I had closed my eyes at some point, but opened them again when I felt her nuzzling her face in against my own questioningly. I paused only for a second before responding to the advances, finding her lips with my own easily in the dark.

We shared delicate, exploratory kisses for a while as I tried to banish the thought that the feeling of her breasts against my front was a constant reminder of her gender and my previously stated preference. The thoughts were still whirling in my head, the reminders of homosexuality battling with the desires for closeness with the one who was here with me now.

The kisses moved past that exploratory phase filled with smooching and pecking and into decidedly more intimate 'real' kisses, as I'd called them in the past. Kris still tasted a little like smoke, but it was a smaller part of the whole, just one chord in the whole flavor of her. I was marveling the differences between this act as I had shared it with the two boyfriends I'd had and Kris when she slipped back from me. She rearranged herself, slipping her left arm up under the pillows while her right tightened around me. I hugged onto her a little more in return.

"I'm tired, Cor," She mumbled.

"'Kay."

"And we're rushing."

I tilted my head against the pillows some.

Kris rolled around after a second or two to spoon back against me once more, "You were trembling."

I kept my arm loosely around her while she got comfortable and forced myself to relax. I found myself surprisingly tense. "Oh. Sorry."

"Mm. We'll figure things out tomorrow. Sleep now."
I climbed out of bed after an hour of trying to sleep and sat on the floor in front of my computer, watching the screen dully as it lit the room with streaming characters, the boot sequence scrolling by haltingly. The grayish glow it cast around the room left only a rectangular shadow from my bed against the wall, my room almost completely empty other than that, a few boxes stacked in one of the corners contained most of the rest of my stuff.

The stream of characters blinked to nothing before being replaced by a gray screen, and then a blue one, prompting me to log in. I typed in my username one-handed --- CoryroC --- and then the string of letters, numbers, and punctuation that served as my password, watching the system load the rest of the way.

I stared at the fractal pattern of my desktop for a few moments longer before finally moving, dragging the mouse cursor up to the top of the screen to select the wireless network to connect to, the one I had set up nearly two years ago for Jared. I barely waited for the network manager to finish authenticating before opening up my browser and, on a whim, my IM client. I told myself that I was hoping that a few friends from high school would be on, that I wasn't really hoping against all logic that Kris would be on at midnight.

Rather than watching the names pile up in the contacts window, I switched immediately to my browser to check email and forums, figuring that maybe if I didn't look at the buddy list, I wouldn't be disappointed.

My email had hardly loaded before the window was partially obscured by a message.

KRISTALSAIDSO: no sleep?

I tried to keep my heart from squeezing out from between my ribs as I typed back.

CORYROC: No.You?

KRISTALSAIDSO: just got home from a movie with the folks

CORYROC: Cool, cool. How are things going down in Boulder?

KRISTALSAIDSO: alright so far

KRISTALSAIDSO: how bout up in the mountains?

CORYROC: Cold and boring :P

KRISTALSAIDSO: aw poor boy. having fun with the family at least?

CORYROC: Nah, they're the boring part :P I told my mom and step dad about us, though.

KRISTALSAIDSO: howd that go?

CORYROC: My mom was fine with it, though she said she was worried that I got into the relationship too fast, and that I was trying to make my life extra different by moving away and dating a girl.

KRISTALSAIDSO: weird.. do you think you rushed into this?

CORYROC: Yeah, but that's why it's so fun :)

KRISTALSAIDSO: god your such a dork. what about your stepdad?

CORYROC: He was happy.

KRISTALSAIDSO: cool

CORYROC: I guess. I feel a little offended because he was only happy that I wasn't going out with boys anymore. He's kind of a dick like that.

KRISTALSAIDSO: that sucks

KRISTALSAIDSO: like he wasnt happy for you just happy at your expense

CORYROC: Yeah. He told me he was glad that he could finally relate to me now, and asked all these questions about you.

KRISTALSAIDSO: ew like what kind?

CORYROC: Just like how you looked and why I liked you and if you were hot or not.

KRISTALSAIDSO: how did you answer?

KRISTALSAIDSO: answer carefully ;)

CORYROC: Hehe. I said you were short and had short hair.

KRISTALSAIDSO: dick

CORYROC: Heh. I said I liked you because you're funny and sweet and more honest than anyone. And I said you were hot :)

KRISTALSAIDSO: good boy

CORYROC: Thanks :P It's really weird having this random old man asking me about you, whether you're hot or not.

KRISTALSAIDSO: i know, gross

KRISTALSAIDSO: what are you doing for thanksgiving?

CORYROC: I'm supposed to drive to my dad's and have it down there with him and his girlfriend in the Springs.

KRISTALSAIDSO: aw ;( i was going to ask if you wanted to come to boulder

CORYROC: Aw :( That would be nice. Though I'm driving back up from the Springs straight to school, I could come see you then. :)

KRISTALSAIDSO: really? could you give me a ride to school then?

CORYROC: Of course :)

KRISTALSAIDSO: yay ill let my parents know

CORYROC: Cool :) Maybe you can show me some of Boulder when I pick you up

KRISTALSAIDSO: yepyep its a cool place

KRISTALSAIDSO: i need to go to bed cor :(

CORYROC: :(:(:(:(

KRISTALSAIDSO: im sooooorry. i need to

CORYROC: I suppose I can let you go ;) Sleep well. I'll talk to you later.

KRISTALSAIDSO: thanks hun. you sleep soon too. **MWAH**

CORYROC: Hehe, mwah.

KRISTALSAIDSO: :)

KRISTALSAIDSO: bye :)

I read through the conversation again once the icon on the window turned from green to grey before closing the window, closing my email without reading any of it, and telling the computer to suspend. I climbed back into bed once the screen went dark and stretched out on my back. I'm sure I fell asleep still smiling.

The next morning, I felt just as good as last night had made me feel, and so the drive down south to visit my dad didn't seem to be that big of a deal as I packed up everything I needed for school once more in my car and said goodbye to my mom and Jared. My mom kept telling me to have fun and be safe, and Jared just kept grinning at me in a way that made me want to slap him.

"How's it goin', jerk?" I asked my car as I settled into the seat again for the first time in nearly six months. I spent a minute or two making sure everything was adjusted to my preferences before starting the little sedan up and setting it into reverse, letting off the brake and just touching the gas to get the car smoothly up over the hill of our driveway and onto the street again, grateful that I could once again describe anything my car did with the word 'smoothly'.

Once I wound through the southern edge of town and got back onto the highway headed up the pass, I settled back into the rhythm of driving once again, sipping at my coffee and lifting a CD out of the center console to slip into the player. I let Bernstein lift me up over the pass, easing my way along with traffic carefully and relaxing at the sight of real snow piled all around me, not the thin, anemic stuff that Fort Collins called snow.

Once I was over the pass, the drive became easier and afforded me plenty of time to think, considering I still had a few hours to go until I reached my dad's. I struggled to digest the recent abrupt change in my life and more easily put it into words.

Kris had walked into my life with an ease that belied how much she had come to mean to me. My attraction to her, to her height, to the way she did her hair and the clothes she wore, her belly and her hips, and even her breasts; to her personality and her laugh and the way she always called me 'boy' or 'Cor', somehow morphing my name into 'heart' in other languages. It seemed obvious to me why I had fallen for her, until I took her gender into account, and I was confronted with the fact that, for all of my life as long as I could remember, I had never been attracted to girls at all.

Pacing myself with traffic and watching the road with half my attention, I set the other half to try to define what it was that I liked about guys that I didn't like about girls. There were, of course, the obvious physical differences --- I could hardly deny the fact that most girls simply weren't attractive to me. I chalked up stereotype after stereotype under the female column and countered each with a stereotype about guys before scrapping that project.

Maybe it was just Kris? I tried to define what was different about her that didn't seem to fit in with my previous definition of Girl. She certainly did seem more easy-going than most of the girls I had been friends with, and she did seem surprisingly unself-conscious, a trait I had found distinctly lacking in many of the girls at my school. Thinking back on it, though, the same trait reared its ugly head in guys, and had been a large part of why I had focused less of my attention on the guys at school and more on those I met on the internet.

I did my best to skirt the possibility that my mom had mentioned, that I was just going out with Kris because I was trying so hard for something different than what I had in high school. I felt that I couldn't be that shallow, and more than that, I wanted to give Kris the benefit of the doubt. Clearly there was something about her that had caused me to let her into my life and to get as close with her as I did.

My thoughts were derailed as my mind wandered from trying to define Kris to trying to picture her, which led to the inevitable thoughts about the night before break. I shifted slightly in my seat and winced, kneading the heel of my palm down against the crotch of my pants as if to stiffle the erection that had resulted from such thoughts. I settled for rearranging the uncomfortable situation in order to continue thinking about it.

The sex had been perhaps the most surprising part of it all. Where I normally was so nervous around guys that I could hardly perform, that night had gone startlingly smoothly in my opinion. It took me a few minutes to remember the fact that both Kris and I had been a little drunk, which certainly must've helped with my nerves. I struggled with the conflicting feelings of the experience going counter to everything that I had previously desired and all that I had enjoyed about that one night a few days ago.

Sex, it occurred to me, was just sex, no matter with whom. I suppose I could've enjoyed sex with just about anyone, so long as the desire was there, so that wasn't part of the problem. Of course, that just brought me back to pondering the source of my desire for Kris, which really boiled down to the question I'd been asking myself for nearly eight years now: why did I generally prefer guys in the first place?

I shrugged off this dead-end and slipped in a different CD once the Bernstein finished, going back to remembering about that night instead, and thinking of how good it would be to see my girlfriend --- girlfriend! --- again.
I saw my mom off shortly before we were supposed to gather for our first hall meeting. She cried as she hugged me and kissed at my cheeks, whispering those same worries to me one last time before she went back to her car. I suppose the reality that I had just moved away from home hadn't set in yet, but I was admittedly a little glad to see her go. I was starting to feel like her pessimism was dragging me down and I was eager to get into life at college.

I had just enough time shift my basket of clothes to the floor and get my sheets onto the bed before Mark started hollering at the head of the hall, calling all the guys out of their rooms for the first meet and greet.

"Alright guys, for those who don't know or forgot, I'm your RA, Mark. I'm supposed to read this big spiel to you, but I can sum it up to you pretty quickly. Come to me if you've got problems with each other, with school, or with your room, but not for help with your love life. The code to the bathroom is ninteen eleven, and we'll come up with a cleaning rotation later this weekend. No candles, no incense, no smoking, no drinking, no drugs, take it easy on the loud music, and respect your roommate. Basically what I'm saying is have fun, y'all are cool, but be nice to each other and don't burn the building down."

We all laughed and went down the hall, giving our names, majors, and room numbers.

"Well, since that whole thing was supposed to take us an hour and a half and it took five minutes, why don't y'all just mingle for a bit, okay? I'm serious, get to know each other, 'cause you've got six months to go here and you're stuck where you are. No sneaking back to your room." As if to provide a role-model for us, he socked the closest guy on the shoulder and started in to introducing himself to him in depth.

We all stood around awkwardly for a bit before loosening up and starting to actually talk with each other. There was one other music major, Eric, and two art majors, Joseph and Jamen, and the four of us somehow wound up clumped together amongst the crowd of thirty two guys.

"So," ventured Jamen. "You two are majoring in burger flipping, and Joseph and I have telemarketing?"

We laughed a little shyly and nodded. "I guess that's how it goes," I said. "So.. what kind of art do you guys do?"

"Painting and graphic design," Jamen said.

"Comic book type stuff and graphic design," Joseph said, adding, "Graphic design is about the only way to make any money in the business, so it seems like every art major is also in graphic design."

Eric nodded. "Sorta the same with music, except with education."

"You an ed major, too?" I asked. Eric nodded. "I just kinda tacked it on when my parents complained that I'd never make any money."

"Yeah, my parents got on my case about that, too," Eric chuckled. "No such thing as professional choirs anymore. What instrument do you play? Or are you voice?"

"Trumpet. Pretty standard stuff."

And so it went. We introduced ourselves to the other guys on the hall, but after half an hour or so of that, we wound up sitting against the wall, two of us on each side of the hall, facing each other and talking about random things, mostly about going to what was mostly an agricultural school for a liberal arts degree.
My alarm startled me from one of those sleeps without dreams that comes with exhaustion and I nearly fell out of my bed. The narrow twin-size mattress would take some getting used to, to be sure. I sat up on the edge of my bed blearily and looked out the window across the open field separating the wings of the dorm to the northwest arm of the 'H'.

I hadn't set up my coffee maker yet, and finding a place to do so proved to be a challenge. Eventually, it wound up on the bottom shelf of my desk while my paper wound up under my printer and the binders stacked neatly under the head of my bed. Liquids above electronics equipment had gotten me in trouble before, and I was nearly paranoid now.

Coffee got me awake enough to make it to the showers with my towel, where I rinsed off quickly, standing on the balls of my feet to avoid as much contact as possible with the distressingly textured floor. At least they had water pressure to the point where I could barely stand the shower turned on to full blast. Excellent.

There was a sign taped to the doorway to the stairwell that said we would be meeting at eleven. "Good, three hours," I mumbled. Time to eat and maybe go buy books.

The eggs were unimpressive, but plentiful. I sat with Mark, who was holding his head in both hands over a cup of coffee.

"Rough night?" I asked, dousing the eggs in pepper.

"Not a morning person," he grumbled, sucking down half the cup of coffee at once. "And the coffee, it does nothing."

"Well, yeah, if you can see the bottom of the mug through a full cup of coffee, you know it's going to be worthless. Brought my own coffee maker."

"Good man, good man. Gotta say, if you want coffee, stay away from the dorms, go to one of the bajillion coffee houses out around campus."

"Yeah? Any good ones in particular?"

"Any of them are good after a month of drinking this stuff. Don't get my first paycheck until Friday."

I winced, "Yeowch. There much in the way of jobs here on campus, speaking of?"

"Sure," he nodded. "Check the campus site. They have some student job listings there."

Eggs were followed by a bowl of cereal. So much cereal. At least breakfasts were looking to be fairly enjoyable.

"Hey, uh, Mark," I mumbled, poking at my 'Frosted Mini Spooners' with my spoon, the bran pillows only stubbornly soaking up the milk. "My mom told me to say, er... well, she told me to, well, to come out to you," I continued hastily, sure that my face must be past red and well into purple.

Interrupted from his coffee gazing, Mark blinked up at me blearily. "Oh. Okay, cool."

Anti-climax is the warp and woof of the world, but reactions like this were always a bit of a let down. The logical side of my brain argued with the illogical side, which was claiming loudly inside my head that this was a Big Deal, don't you know, and that Matthew Shepherd died in a hospital in this town, it's a Big Deal. "Think it's gonna be a problem on the hall?" is what I said instead.

"Nah," he shrugged and downed the rest of his coffee. "If they do, we can talk. Talk with the gay office, too, they can help if that happens." He heaved himself up from his chair and made his way to get coffee and cereal. He was wearing rubber ducky print pajama bottoms.

Well, at least that's done, I thought, staring after my stumbling RA.

I finished up my breakfast and left my tray at the window to the dish room before making my way back to my own room to pick up my class schedule. I wandered over to the student center and found the bookstore on the lower floor.

Music theory one. New books only, sixty dollars.

Introduction to music history. A used book, forty-eight dollars.

Analytic trigonometry. One used book, twenty dollars.

No books for trumpet studio, marching band, or symphonic band.

I wandered to the other side of the shelves to look for the college composition books, gritting my teeth over the price I was paying for my few books. There was a crowd around the shelf holding the books for CO150, and it took a bit of waiting before I got to the sheet taped over the shelf, listing which sections needed which books. Great, two more books for that one class.

"This is absurd," the girl mumbled to herself, squatting down and peering at the stacks of books I was headed towards myself.

"Pardon," I said quietly, kneeling down and juggling the books I was already holding as I reached for one of the books. She smiled and handed me the other, one of the two used copies left, taking the other for herself.

"Another thirty dollars, here you go," she said.

"Really? Jeeze... this is, like, half of my savings!"

"I know, I should go into text book publishing." She smirked and hefted her own stack, looking appraisingly at mine, "You got a pretty light load, though, looks like."

Following her over to the zig-zagging line to check out, "I suppose. How many classes are you taking that you have eight... ten books?"

"Four," she said over her shoulder. "I'm an English major. We're sort of required to read."

I nodded, feeling my ears redden, "Oh, yeah..."

When we reached the end of the line, she tilted her head and shifted her weight to one side so as to read the spines of my own books, "Music major?"

"Yeah, music education."

"Mm. I guess they just lump everyone together in composition, I guess. I thought the entry exam was BS, so I skimped on it. A basic writing class sounds just as full of BS, though. Guess I should've tried harder."

I nodded with as much commiseration as I could muster. I had done my best on that exam and placed solidly into that middle level class. "I'm Cory, by the way, since we're in the same section and all."

"Kris," she replied. "I'd shake your hand, but I got an armload of books, so I guess this awkward run-on sentence will have to do for now."

We chatted our way through the line. She was the daughter of two engineers and lived in Boulder. She certainly looked the part. Two t-shirts --- one brown and one pink --- with band names on them; a tiered, crepe-fabric skirt the color of green tea; and her short, dishwater blonde hair done up in chaotic whorls above her head, doing little to hide the lopsided piercings in her ears: a silver hoop in each, two studs in her left ear and one in her right. She was fairly attractive, I thought, as much as I could be the judge of that. Rumpled without being dumpy, stocky, a bit of a tummy without being fat. It suited her.

We each went our separate ways after paying for our books, waving our goodbyes as I headed back to my room, dwelling on how much money it had cost for my five books. Hopefully the classes would be worth it. I hadn't seen the bills my parents had gotten from the university, but from the way they talked, this was quite the undertaking in all aspects.

Relevant education is expensive, I thought.
I decided I would stay up in Steamboat until Sunday in order to spend a bit more time with my mom and Jared, though the latter I tried to avoid for the most part. It did, however, give me a chance to head out with my mom on another few of her forays out with the dogs. The mountains were comforting, and the more I thought, the more I had to share with my mom who, I felt, was much easier to talk to than many others in my life. She seemed eager to get out of the house, as well.

So Saturday came, and found us following the dogs as the dolphined through the snow, leaping up above it to either side of the trail rather than plow through it. They would occasionally get tired and find their way back onto the packed down patches to trot along with us, but as soon as some noise, real or imagined, made its way through the trees, they were back off into the deeps, leaping through the heavy powder. Less adventurous, my mom and I stuck with the trail and occasionally called after the dogs when they made their way out of site.

"Mom," I asked as we watched the dogs forge ahead. "What do you think of me being bi?"

"Oh, I don't mind. You're the same person, after all," she shrugged. "Why, what's up?"

"Oh, just thinking," I trailed off, waiting until we wrangled the dogs back in to continue. "It just feels like I'm coming out all over again, is all."

"How so?"

"Well, I'm certainly having more conversations and stressing out more about this than I ever did when I came out in the first place." I thought for a second before amending that, "Well, maybe not more stress. Still, a lot."

Mom laughed, "Yeah, you stressed yourself out pretty good about that. I can see what you mean, though. We all seemed to worry a lot about you and Kris."

"Had to work to keep myself from worrying, too," I added. "Just didn't want to scare myself away from the relationship."

"Well, yeah," she trailed off. "That was partly intentional, I guess. However subconsciously."

"Huh? How so?"

"Well, at least on my part. I just felt you were rushing into things, is all, and I wanted you to think about that and make sure you weren't."

I held my tongue for a few steps, counting to ten in my head. By the count of fifteen or sixteen, I calmed down. "Always looking out for me," I joked. Better that than taking it the wrong way.

She nodded and we walked alongside the two panting dogs to the edge of the property. Finally, standing near the fence, she turned to me. "So do you have something else worrying you? Besides the second coming out and all."

I shrugged and racked my brain for the root of what was really worrying me. "Well, my friend Jamen came out to me in part because of it."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. Kinda made me realize how lucky I had it when I came out. His parents didn't do so well," I continued on with the story he had told me the night before.

"Ouch," mom winced.

"Yeah. Now I almost feel like I'm squandering my relatively positive experience by dating a girl. I don't think he really believes that but, well, it's hard not to feel bad."

We turned back toward the house and called the dogs with us, walking slowly as my mom replied, "Yeah, I can see how that would be a little strange from the other point of view. Do you think that maybe he likes or something that you've had your bit of drama with him?"

"I dunno. It's possible, I guess. We talked a little but to be honest, haven't done a whole lot of hanging out during the semester. I don't want to just confront him on it and make things all weird by asking, but who knows? I guess we'll see how things work out."

She smiled and nodded, then, "Just don't... lead him on or anything. I don't want to see you hurt by weirdness, but I'd rather you not hurt anyone else, while you're at it."

I shook my head violently. "Of course not. I'm a little paranoid about hurting others, I think."

She nodded and added, "Better to err on the side of caution there. You can really mess a person up for life, hurting them like that."

We walked the rest of the way to the house in silence, each with our own thoughts. Me, I was wondering why my mom had ended the conversation like that. It's the fate of ever child of divorced parents to wonders about the causes of their separation.
Jamen showed up at my dad's apartment fairly early that morning. We had planned on the drive taking quite a while, and since the room was registered in my name, I wanted to make sure I didn't leave anyone waiting just because I had gotten bogged down in traffic somewhere between the Springs and Denver. So I wound up waking up at around seven thirty that morning and puttered around, useless until I had my two cups of coffee, and by the time Jamen knocked an hour later, I was packed, showered, and ready to go.

My dad was up, but his girlfriend was still asleep, so he greeted my friend and offered him a cup of coffee as well --- such addictions ran in the family --- before we made our way out into the cold. I was lugging a duffle filled half way with a set of clothes, a pair of swim trunks in case there was a hot tub, and some additional snow gear; my skis and a spare pair of snow blades were in the car just in case anyone else decided they wanted to go skiing as well. Jamen got to carry the cooler, another styrofoam deal, that my dad had filled. There was a bag of ice, a whole chicken, a bag of spices and salt for the chicken, a handful of potatoes, a quart of milk, and a can of frozen juice in the cooler. Materials enough for me to cook dinner for the night we would be up there. Taped to the top of the cooler was a hastily penned recipe for the chicken from my dad, a scaled down version of the recipe he used for the Thanksgiving turkey. 'Be Safe!' was scrawled along the bottom edge of the note, and Jamen smiled, reading it as we lifted it into the trunk of the car with my skis.

We left a quiet Colorado Springs in silence, both of us savoring our individual travel mugs of coffee, each laden with cream and sugar. Jamen must've had to wake up at at least five thirty to make the drive to my place and leave his car there, so we were each more focused on waking up than anything else. But by the time we hit the highway, we were both starting to warm up.

"So what all do we have planned for this whole trip?" Jamen asked, slouched down in my passenger seat, head poking up from the depths of his anorak.

"Oh, I dunno," I mumbled. "Probably get there mid afternoon, walk around for a bit. I'll make some dinner and we can just hang out at the condo and do whatever one does at parties, I guess. Dunno about tomorrow. I brought my skis, in case anyone else wants to go out, and I've got an extra pair, too. We'll figure it out, I guess."

He laughed and sipped more at his coffee, "Well, sounds cool, I guess. Don't suppose anyone brought anything to drink for the party?"

"Not to my knowledge, no. Sorry. I don't think any of us are of age, and I dunno if anyone has progressive enough parents to get booze that way."

"Well, your dad gave you that beer, didn't he? Over break?"

I grinned, "Yeah, but I'm not sure I can picture him supplying five minors with alcohol."

"True, I guess." A minute or so passed before he continued, "Well, I brought an eight I've been saving all break."

"Really? Wow. Kris will be happy, at least. And Thomas."

"Mm. I couldn't do anything with it at home other than, like, eat it straight, which is gross. Been pretty much stuck at home with parents and siblings."

"Ooh, yeah, I suppose that does make it a little hard to smoke up," I laughed. "So do you have more than just the sister you mentioned a while ago?"

"Yeah, two sisters and one brother." He shrugged and sipped his coffee, "Two boys, two girls. I'm the oldest of everyone."

"Oh, wow." I shook my head, "I have a step sister, but I don't really know her all that well. Only child otherwise."

Jamen laughed ruefully, "I wish I was an only child, sometimes. I don't mind my brother and sisters all that much, but it was kind of a pain growing up."

"Yeah? How so?"

He shrugged, buried himself deeper in his coat, and mumbled a reply, "Brother found me out, outed me to my parents."

"Oh. Jesus..."

"Yeah. I just about kicked his ass for that one."

"Wow, yeah, I probably would've done the same."

He shrugged. "He took after all the religious stuff my parents fed us all a lot more than I did, I guess. He's probably even more gung-ho about it than they are."

I shook my head and tried to imagine a family like that. "Not sure I get the whole religion thing."

Jamen laughed, "I thought I did for a while, but when I sort of dropped out of the whole thing, I realized that no one really does, not even the pastor, not the congregation, not my family. I thought I could see it as sort of a framework or something, like a way to view the rest of the world, but then all sorts of weird stuff contradicts that, and no one else seems to see it that way. At least not down in Alamosa."

"Never been down that far south," I admitted, gently steering the conversation to a happier topic. "Looked it up online, though. Seems like a pretty small town."

"Definitely. Just kind of an old mining town that managed to stick around after the mining died down. It's something of a tourist attraction, too, for the sand dunes, and there's a little college there, too."

"Wanted to go somewhere away from parents but still in Colorado?"

"Yeah, definitely. It was a little more expensive, which my parents like to remind me of, but they're rich enough."

"Ah, alright." I thought for a moment, "So you're the oldest... Think your brother and sisters will go to college, too?"

"My brother and one sister might, but I'm sure my parents can afford to send them about anywhere."

I nodded and we talked for a bit about the troubles my mom and step dad were going through, about how the early 2000s didn't seem to be doing all that well in general when it came to the economy. It seemed like there was crisis after crisis in various financial sectors. The conversation petered out and turned towards food when we each decided that neither of us knew enough about the economy to offer anything other than generalized observations on it.

We were making surprisingly good time, considering the weather, so we stopped in at an IHOP in a southern suburb of Denver to use the restroom and grab a quick breakfast before we made the climb up out of the plains and into the mountains. Over pancakes and hashbrowns, we laughed over inane stories and planned out the trip a little further. Jamen didn't ski, but said the would be willing to try the snow blades --- skis that were about two and a half feet long, much easier to learn on than full-sized skis --- if more people planned on going out on the slopes the next day. We figured that we could check out late in the morning and get a few hours in on either side of lunch, then just toss the skis back in the car and head back home without having to worry about deadlines.

On our way once more, we talked little as we watched the Denver metro area thin out, climbing our way up out of town on I-70. We listened to the CD of jazzy rock from Japan that Kris had burned for me, the only non-classical CD I had in the center console collection. By the time we made our way past Genesee, the last outlier business district of Denver, we were settling into the rhythm of the drive. Traffic started to slow down as a whole once the cloudy sky started to spit a light scattering of wet snow down onto the road.

"So how do you think this next semester will work out?" Jamen asked, breaking the conversational silence.

I shrugged, "Alright. I don't think I have any difficult classes, or anything. Need to get a job, though."

He nodded, watching out the passenger side window. "Me either. Come up with any ideas of where you'd get a job?"

"On campus, I imagine. Maybe one of the dorms or something. I think I'm too late for work study, though, so it'll have to be an hourly thing."

"Work study's a bitch to get, I hear. If you work in the kitchens, I bet you can get free food all the time, though."

I laughed, "Probably. Then I can bring you and Thomas back some fries for when you all get the munchies."

Jamen smiled at me innocently. "I wouldn't dare ask."

"I would, too." I grinned, "Anything to get you guys to quit going to Waffle House. That stuff's pretty gross."

"Aw, come on!" he pleaded. "Just think, getting just totally blasted and walking over to the Waffle House where everything's funny, eating waffles made soggy by way too much syrup. Fuckin' delicious, man."

"Oh, God," I chuckled, shaking my head. "Don't even talk about it. Gonna make me sick."

"The butter that's not even butter," he grinned. "Grease coating the floors, the booths, the tables, the stools..."

I made gagging noises. Jamen laughed.

"Whatever, man," he shrugged. "You just don't know how to live."

"What, you think I should work at Waffle House so I can get you guys a discount?"

"There's an idea!"

"I think I'd shoot myself, sorry. Kill myself in the deep fryer."

"Ouch. Yeah, stick with the dorms. Besides, that walk would suck to make every day. Just for serving stoner after stoner, homeless guy after homeless guy."

"Mmhm. Besides, I bet the dorms would be better at working around my class schedule. Also, no night shifts, so I can still get sleep and hang out with people."

"Sounds good," Jamen nodded, shrugging himself out of his jacket, what with the car being very warm by now.

I nodded, and we drove on. Traffic continued to slow dow until we were going little more than thirty five. I was glad for our head start now, since it would probably be snowing up on Berthoud Pass.

"Think you'll head back home for summer?" Jamen asked.

I thought for a moment, "Dunno, haven't really thought about it, to be honest. I guess it depends on whether or not I get a job out in Fort Collins. If I do and I can work over the summer, I guess I'll look for a place."

"Totally should," he said, sitting up straighter. "We should get a place with Eric and Joseph or something. Maybe Thomas, too, who knows."

"Given it much thought, then?"

"Well, yeah. This break's sucked, to be honest. I don't think I really want to go back down there to live for more than a week, like during spring break." He pulled a face and shook his head, "Gonna try and get a place up there no matter what, even if I just rent a room from someone else."

"That's a pretty good idea, though. I'd be up for it. I mean, I love my family, but I'm sick of driving back and forth between two homes. It'd be cool to have just one home to live in."

Jamen laughed, "Can't say I've ever experienced that. You'd be up for maybe looking into moving into a place with a couple of people, then?"

"Why not? I'm sure it'd be cheaper than the dorms. They're crazy expensive. And hell, I bet I could live with you, Joseph and Eric, and I know I can get along with Thomas. What sort of place were you thinking?"

"Well, there's some apartments that people have been suggesting. They've got some four bedroom places on two levels with a kitchen and main area. Or we could rent a house. There's a girl in one of my classes that's renting a three bedroom place in town. It's the ground floor of a house, with a four bedroom place downstairs. Something like that would be cool."

I nodded, surprised at how excited I was at the prospect. "Sounds nice, yeah. I'd really dig doing something like that, actually."

We made our way up Berthoud pass discussing the details of how that might work. Who would likely do the most cooking in that group (me), who would the the loudest (Joseph with his computer games), where we should look for a house (north of campus). We laughed over what rules we should have regarding parties, girlfriends and boyfriends, and chores around the house. By the time we crested the pass, where the road divided the small ski area of Berthoud in half, it was nearing eleven thirty. With about half an hour of drive ahead of us, we were right on schedule for our noon check in at the resort hotel. We spent the rest of the drive being excited at each other over the party, the coming semester, and the prospect of moving out north.
Kris fell asleep about halfway between Boulder and Fort Collins, so I took her straight to her dorm, helped her unpack, and saw her to bed. She said that she hadn't been sleeping well at her parents since all they had left of her room was a mattress on the floor and all of the rest of her stuff in boxes in closets. I kissed her a few times and made sure she went to lay down before slipping out of her dorm and back to my car.

Unloading my own stuff took only two trips, with the cooler of food and beer stacked on top of my laundry. Paranoid about the alcohol, those were the first things into my room, and the first thing I did when I got there was to rip the tape off the styrofoam of the cooler and immediately secret the beers inside the fridge. I stacked the food in front of it just in case anyone came looking, though Thomas was the only person likely to do so, and he was more of a vodka man.

My computer came in the second load of stuff, and I propped my door open with my trumpet case as I went about setting the tower back up, letting those who were still around know that I was here. I was eager to see all of my friends once more.

My ploy worked, because I had only just turned my computer on again for the first time when I looked up at a knock on my door. "Jamen! Hey man, what's up?"

Jamen smiled to me and languidly made his way over to my bed, sitting on the edge of it. He looked as though he was coming down from being a bit stoned. "Nammuch, Cory. Just got back a few hours ago. Good to be free again."

I chuckled, "Yeah, seems like you've been enjoying yourself."

His grin widened and he leaned back onto his palms. "What can I say? It's better up here."

"Here from where? Where's home for you?" I shook my head and set up music for us to listen to, "Can't believe I still don't know where you're from."

"Way down in Alamosa." He leaned himself back on my bed and crossed his arms behind his head. He had kept his hair cut to about an inch and a half for most of the semester, but it had started to grow out recently, and he rubbed his hand through it now. "Down by New Mexico."

"Wow, yeah, south even of me, in the Springs."

"Uh? I thought you were in the mountains?"

"Divorced parents, dad's in the Springs."

He nodded and stayed silent for a while, eyes half open and roving over the ceiling. I leaned back in my chair and relaxed with the music, more of that jazzy, downtempo Japaneses stuff that Kris had given me. After a while, I started up my IM client and IRC, figuring Jamen was content to zone out on my bed for a while.

"Hey Cory," Jamen said, sitting up partway and startling me from what I was doing. "You're gay, aren't you?"

My face reddened through no will of my own, but I nodded. "Yeah, I am."

Jamen's brow furrowed and he looked at me searchingly. "Then what's up with you going out with Kris."

"I dunno," I shrugged and smiled. "Been working on that problem all week."

My friend shook his head in frustration, "What problem, though?"

"Whoa, man," I said, holding up my hands. "I just meant going out with Kris. It wasn't exactly an expected turn of events, you know."

Jamen was sitting up, now. Or, rather, slouching forward instead of back, his elbows propped on his knees and fists propping his head up in turn. "Well, alright..." he grumbled.

"Look, Jamen, what's going on, here? I'm a little confused..."

"I don't know, man," he said, then faltered a little bit. "I just... I'm wondering why you're going out with a girl if you're gay."

I sighed and leaned back against the chair's back a little more heavily, rocking back in it. "I don't really know, myself. I mean, I wasn't aiming to, and it's really weird now that I am, but I guess I sort of like it," I replied, images of Kris and I the Friday before flashed through my mind.

"But you're not trying to... er, change, are you? You're not trying to turn straight?"

I blinked at this and smiled, shaking my head. "Nah, just trying to stay happy."

Jamen sat up straight and rubbed his hands against his thighs as if to dry sweaty palms. "Good."

I threw a crumpled receipt at him and laughed. "What the hell's up with you, Jamen?"

Batting at the receipt, he smiled weakly at me. "Nothing, I guess. Just... those ex-gay people are freaks, I thought you'd gotten mixed up with them."

I must've recoiled at the thought, because Jamen chuckled a bit at me. I shook my head and replied, "No.You're right, they're pretty messed up. I just kind of fell for a girl, is all. I'm not sure why. Everyone's concerned about it and keeps asking me, but I don't have any answers."

Jamen tilted his head inquisitively.

"Like my mom and such," I elaborated. "And Kris's dad, for that matter. They each had some weird opinions and were worried about us."

He nodded.

"I'm not trying to change, I promise," I said, feeling a pang of affection for my friend, who seemed genuiniely concerned about the whole thing. "Look, lets have a beer, and we can talk about it some more."

Jamen chuckled breathily and nodded, so I pried myself from my chair to go over to the door and nudge my trumpet out of the way of the door with my heel before heading to the fridge. I rummaged behind the stacks of leftovers to pull two of the bottles from the back of the minibar fridge. Inexpensive Mexican stuff that my dad liked to drink. I opened them with my multitool before handing one to Jamen, who took it gratefully.

I lounged in my chair again and my friend shifted to sit cross-legged on my bed. "Sorry again for getting angry."

"Nah, it's alright. It just kind of confused me. What got you so worked up about Exodus and them, the ex-gay people?"

Jamen shrugged a little and stared down at his beer, watching his own fingers as they picked at the label. I watched with growing concern as the seconds ticked by. When no response came I hesitantly asked, "Did you... did you go through them."

Jamen's face went stony; any emotion that had been there before was replaced with a blank mask, and nothing showed through. He took a long drink of his beer before shaking his head. "No."

I relaxed a little in my seat, watching him still.

Another handful of seconds passed. Then, "Not me."

"Who, then?" I asked quietly.

He took another long drink from the bottle before setting beer down on my desk, a quarter of the drink still left in the bottom. "Thanks for the beer, Cory," he said levelly, walking out of my room and letting the door swing shut behind him.
I wound up spending the first few days at my dad's since Colorado Springs seemed closer at the time than Steamboat. When I made it back up to the mountains again, I met my mom at a restaurant near our house rather than heading straight home.

"Thanks again for dinner," I said, our initial greetings out of the way once we had been seated.

"Of course, Cory," she smiled. "It's good to have you back home for a little bit."

I nodded and lied, "It's good to be back, too. Nice to see real snow again."

"Yeah? I'm getting a little tired of shoveling, myself."

"Jared helping out at all?"

"Yeah, we're alternating snowstorms for who shovels and who knocks down the snow and who does the driving for shopping."

"Well, makes sense, I guess. We've only gotten one or two big storms and a lot of little flurries out east. Never more than four inches."

"Yeah," she laughed. "That's not real snow at all."

I shook my head and sipped at my water. I had had to quell the urge to order a beer. Never mind my mom, I was still only eighteen with nineteen coming during the break. "So how have things been going other than that?"

She unfolded her napkin and laid her silverware out on the table, refolding the napkin, apparently found this disappointing enough to fold the napkin in a different way. She was stalling. Finally, "Jared lost his job."

"Huh? I thought he was feeling pretty secure, though!"

Mom wouldn't look me in the eye, "He was, but... oh, I don't know. You know the economy's a total mess right now."

"So I've read," I nodded, then shook my head. "Why didn't you call me?"

"It was just this last week, you had finals."

I frowned, but nodded.

"He didn't any real severance pay." She continued, still looking at everything on the table rather than me, "That kind of messed up our plans."

I nodded and took another sip of water to try to swallow the lump that was growing in my throat. I thought I saw where this was going, but didn't even want to think about it.

When I didn't reply, my mom went on. "Anyway, I'm going to have to help him pay for his daughter's tuition, as well as yours. Combined, we can afford another semester of both of you like this before savings run out."

That lump that had been forming in my throat started to taste of bile, which I tried to quench with water. At the rate I was going, I'd finish the glass before food got there. "Oh," is all I could muster. Then, "I'm sorry..."

Mom laughed and shook her head, finally looking back at me, smiling tiredly. "No, Cory. Don't be. I'm sure Jared will find another job soon."

I furrowed my brow and nodded.

"But can we ask you to try to get a job this next semester just in case?" she asked. "We'll help you with scholarships when it comes time if it looks like a Jared won't find something in time."

"Yeah, that sounds fine, I guess." I brightened, "I was thinking I'd hire myself out for computer help here and at my dad's during break, just little things."

Mom seemed to relax a little when I didn't freak out and flip the table over at the news. "That sounds good. Jared and I will sound out among friends to see if any of them need any help. Do you have a brochure or website or something I can lead them to?"

"I'll come up with something quick tonight. Web pages aren't that hard."

She nodded, "Sounds good. When should I let people know when you're available?"

"I don't know. I can be up here with a day's notice in most cases if I'm at my dad's or elsewhere."

"Oh? Thinking of heading somewhere else over break?"

I toyed with the hem of the table cloth, but was rescued from answering for a few moments as our food was brought. Finally, I answered, "Well, a bunch of friends from the dorms were thinking of meeting up somewhere, renting a condo or hotel room for a night at some ski area just for fun." I hastily added, "Dad's cool with it, and might help with money if things work out with friends."

Mom sat up straighter and finished the mouthful she was chewing. "Just... going and spending the night in some other mountain town? Why?"

I shrugged and shovelled some of my own food into my mouth. I had been looking forward to the curry, but with the way our conversation had been going, it tasted of very little. "Just getting together, rather than spending the whole month apart."

She nodded a little and I could tell she was trying to hide a smile. "Kris going to be there?"

I smiled plainly and nodded, "I want to see her again, too, of course."

"Well," she said, taking a sip from her glass of wine. "I see no problem with it. Just wanted to make sure you were keeping up on your duties as boyfriend."

I laughed with relief. "Oh. Thanks, I suppose." Man, I thought. Moms are weird sometimes. I had thought she was going to just dismiss it straight out.

"In fact," she was saying. "If you want to, maybe have the little party up here. I wouldn't mind getting to meet Kris."

"Well, to be honest, since everyone lives out east, we were thinking of somewhere like Loveland -- Idaho Springs or Georgetown, I mean, there's nothing really around Loveland --- or, you know, Winter Park or some other place closer."

Mom shrugged and nodded, pushing more of the yellow rice into her saag. "That makes sense. Still, if she ever wants to, she's welcome to come visit you up here. I mean, heck, Chris visited, so why not Kris? Man, that's goofy to say..."

I laughed and nodded, feeling better by the second. I savored a bite of curry and nodded, "Sounds weird to hear. Luckily they're exactly the same and not just similar, so I don't mix them up."

She laughed and nodded. Most of the rest of our meal was spent in silence, my mom's addiction to spinach carrying her through just as my desire for good curry. I would have to find an Indian place in Fort Collins --- I forgot how much I enjoyed the stuff.

With our food finished, only the milky chai left to finish, we were afforded more time to talk. "So how much do you think I should charge for computer stuff?" I asked.

"Oh, I don't know," my mom shrugged. "Maybe something like twenty dollars an hour, minimum one hour? That sound fair?"

"I guess so." I thought for a few seconds, "I'd need about five hours to afford the trip. A hundred should cover my shair of the room if we all chip in equally, then maybe some food as well."

"What all were you guys planning? Six people in one room? Maybe two beds and a pull out bed in the couch? I guess if you pay two hundred for one night... yeah, about forty dollars for the room, plus gas and food."

"Yeah, that's what I was thinking. There's me and Kris, Erin and Eric, hopefully. Jamen, and maybe one other if we can get ahold of him."

"Jamen? That's a nice name," mom said. "I bet people call him 'Jammin' a lot, though. Or try to shorten it to 'Jay'."

I laughed and nodded, "That's a pretty sure fire way to get him really angry, really quick."

She laughed and sipped at her chai. "Do you like your name?"

I nodded, "It's alright, I suppose. Kris calls me 'Cor,' which I like. It means 'heart' in Italian or somesuch."

"Really? That's why we named you that, you know," she smiled. "Your dad said when you were born that you looked like you'd have a big heart. I suggested Cory, which he went along with on the stipulation that we never just call you 'Cor'. He said it was stupid and Cory was short enough."

"Wow," I laughed. "Hadn't heard that one before. Sounds like something my dad would do. Say something like that, then amend it so he didn't sound like a softie."

"Which he totally was, then," she grinned. "How's he doing, anyhow? I still miss him occasionally."

I nodded, "He's doing fine, I guess. Just working lots."

"How'd he take to you and Kris?"

"He was fine with it, I suppose. Pretty happy about the whole thing, guess he kinda wanted grandkids."

"Makes sense." Mom passed her credit card straight to the waitress before she could even hand her the bill. "I have to ask," she said, leaning in close and lowering her voice. "You two are being safe, or will be when you do anything?"

My ears went from zero to fuscia in nothing flat. I nodded quickly and hid my face behind my mug of tea.

"It's a mother's job to make her son blush." She sat back in her chair looking satisfied.

"Child abuse," I mumbled.

She laughed and nodded, "Just you try and report it. I really am happy for you two, by the way. I'm glad it seems to be working out."

I smiled, "Me too."

"It's still kind of surprising to think about. There was all that standard drama when coming out, it was strange to have to go through many of the same thoughts a second time."

I nodded, listening.

"Hell, I nearly asked you flat out if it was a phase again."

"Yeah, that was pretty strange. Kind of made me doubt myself."

She smiled and patted my hand across the table, "You know that wasn't my intention."

I nodded, "Of course. I just took it to heart is all. I think we wound up closer for my doubts, though."

"Good, good," Mom nodded. "That's what good relationships should do."

I smiled. "Good point."

The check came back and mom dashed off her signature. Slipping back into our jackets, we made our way back out into the cold, dry dark. Home didn't feel quiet as alien anymore.
By Monday evening, I was itching to get out from under my parents. It wasn't that I was particularly tired of being back home or even that I wanted to get back to school. Simply put, so much of the rest of my break revolved around the planned trip that everything else just seemed like so much of a waste. Without the briefly interesting computer work, I was left with little to do other than sit around online or try to find something to do in a town I didn't even know all that well.

Finally, I gave up and just grabbed my cell phone and stuffed it in my pocket, shrugging my jacket on and slipping out of the apartment while my dad and his girlfriend watched TV after dinner. Being still the heart of winter, it was already long past sunset and the streetlamps lit the block around the apartment complex in a dull yellow. I walked down the short canyon of the sidewalk, snow drifted up to either side from the day's plowing. The snow had stopped, but the sky was still a dark gray, lit from beneath by the sulfurous lamps.

I circled the block first, just to stretch my legs, then headed out west toward the mountains, figuring that if I walked enough to wear myself out, I'd appreciate walking downhill back to the apartment rather than climing up to it. At least it was a quiet evening, I though. The streets were empty and the only sound was a slight wind higher up and the occasional rush of a passing car blocks away.

I was startled from my thoughts by a buzzing in my pocket, my phone vibrating from a call. Still walking, I pulled the brick phone from my pocket and peered at the backlit screen. Kris.

"Hey!"

"What's up, Cor?" she asked, sounding excited.

"Not much, just out for a walk."

"Now? It's way dark and cold, though."

"Yeah," I shrugged despite being on the phone. "I needed to get out, you know? Sick of parents, sick of being at home with nothing to do."

"Oh, yeah, guess I can understand that."

"Yeah. So what's up?" I asked.

"Jamen's gay!" she blurted.

I laughed and shook my head, "I know. What brought that on?"

"Oh," she sounded disappointed, her surprise ruined. "Just got done talking to him online, he told me about it."

"Good on him," I replied. "Takes a lot to come out."

"Yeah, especially with his family."

"Oh, he told you that, too? That's friggin' crazy."

"Uh-huh." She laughed a little, "He said you have it easy, liking a girl for real and not just to cover up being gay."

I felt my cheeks redden from more than just the cold. "Yeah. I feel kind of bad, now. He definitely had it lots harder than I did."

"Yeah? Why do you feel bad, though?"

"Well," I stumbled over my words. "It just feels like it's a pretty big deal for me to be going through all this weird stuff, like coming out all over again, when he had to go through all that."

"Mm. Makes sense, I guess."

"What do you think about all of it? I mean, me, and all..." God, I sounded dumb.

"Being gay and with me? Oh, I don't know. Sometimes I worry a lot about us, but it seems like every time I do, we have a real good time with each other and and that goes away for a while."

"Yeah, you and me both," I laughed.

"How so?" Kris asked, sounding concerned.

"Well, I worry sometimes, too."

"What about?"

"That I'm... I don't know, fooling myself. That I'm really still gay, but just kind of making myself act straight for a while."

"Oh." I could hear the frown.

I hastened to add, "Of course, like you said, then we hang out or... you know, get together and that all kind of goes away for a while."

"Well, as long as that's the case," she laughed.

"Of course. It's like if I spend a bunch of time alone, then I start having my doubts." I smiled, "I guess that means we'll just have to spend more time together."

I heard Kris giggle, then, "You got it, Cor."

I grinned. "Hope I'm not making things awkward by talking about that."

"Nah," she replied. "I told you to, remember? It is a little weird hearing that you're still doubting things, but I guess that's something I should know."

"Oh, alright. I don't want to seem like I'm just experimenting with you or anything. I'm not, you know..."

She laughed and I heard what sounded like pots being moved around behind her, "I know, I know. Anyway, look, I gotta get going for dinner. Can I catch up with you later?"

"Sure thing. I'll see you online or call you before the trip, and we can make sure things go alright."

"Cool. See ya later, Cor."

"Mwah," I offered, giggling.

"You're such a dork, jeez," her voice trailed off as, I supposed, she pulled the phone away then I heard the click of disconnection.

I made sure she had hung up before slipping the phone back into my pocket and continuing up west. With the clouds lit from beneath as they were, the mountains appeared as a raggedly cut border leading to the real night: pitch black with constellations of lights from the wealthier people who lived on the hills. I shook my head and walked, mind wandering back over my words as I searched for anything that might've come out wrong. I had always heard you were supposed to turn things over in your mind seven times before you spoke, but I never could manage that.

I had gotten the feeling that admitting to Kris that I still had my doubts about my sexuality hadn't exactly gone over well. Of course, in hind-sight I could see why. I don't think anyone enjoyed being told by a loved one that they weren't the gender that they had expected. I supposed I had just told Kris that. Wondering if I was really still gay in the middle of a straight relationship struck me as a not very healthy way to run things.

I was still warmed by the fact that I had talked with Kris, though, and I realized I still did like her an awful lot. It was hard for me to concentrate too much on any of the troubles I had introduced in the relationship when I was busy focusing on how nice it was to be in that relationship in the first place. With that, I hunched shoulders against the building wind and and turned around for the easy walk back home.
Thanksgiving had come and gone without any flair. Dad had spent his inventiveness with the holiday early on and, a few years ago, cooked turkey once a week for about a month and a half in order to find the best and simplest recipe, rather than every year trying something different. I suppose it was his attempt at working toward tradition. He had tried to make deep-frying the turkey the tradition, but on only the second year, he had splashed the oil on himself and burned his hand badly enough to put that project permanently on hold.

Now that Saturday had come around, though, I sat at the breakfast bar near the kitchen in his apartment, watching him putter around the kitchen, a series of disposable tupperware containers set out along the counter. He carefully filled each with a serving of mashed potatoes and gravy, slices of turkey breast, and green beans.

"There," he announced, snapping the lid on the last of the containers. "Five of 'em should keep you going for... what, a day and a half, at the rate you eat?"

I laughed and nodded, slipping off the stool to grab the two dollar styrofoam cooler we had picked up at the grocery store the day before, setting it on the counter so that he could empty the five pound bag of ice we had also picked up into the bottom. He stacked the rectangular meals above that. He hesitated for a moment before unpacking the containers again and reaching into the fridge to grab four bottles of the inexpensive beer he drank and lay those on the ice before repacking the meals on top of them.

"You be way fucking careful bringing this into your room." He shot me a sly grin, "Though from the sounds of it, your roommate is teaching you how to party already."

I laughed and nodded, "Thomas is a pro, that's for sure. Thanks, dad."

He nodded and rummaged around the junk drawer for a moment before procuring a roll of clear packing tape, taping the lid onto the styrofoam cooler. "This tape is not to come off until you get into your room and right next to the fridge. If you get a ticket for drunk driving, I'm disowning you."

I nodded, "Of course. Driving drunk scares me almost as much you."

"Brat," he said, throwing the tape at me and grinning.

"Yeah, that's me, I guess." I got up to put the tape back in the drawer.

"Now two of those are Kris's, you hear?" He whacked me between the shoulder blades, "And some of that food, too. Girlfriends are work, and they take bribing to keep them happy. It's a big responsibility."

"Damn straight!" Jennifer, my dad's girlfriend, hollered from the living room.

Dad favored me with a commiserating look and I laughed. "Thanks again, dad. Gotta get going here, though. Picking Kris up on my way to school."

"Alright, Cory. You drive safe, yeah? And call us once in a while. We like hearing from you, despite what you may think."

I leaned in and gave him hug with one arm while shaking his hand with the other, "Will do. Talk to you soon." Jenny had appeared at the doorway to the kitchen, so I gave her a quick hug as well, "See you both around."

They nodded and said their goodbyes as I grabbed the cooler, making my way out the door and down the flight of stairs to the parking lot. The cooler made its way into the back seat in the footwell by my laundry basket.

Once I made my way back onto I-25, I headed north.

My dad's reaction had been the most surprising of all. He somehow managed to find the perfect balance between the non-reaction that had bothered me about coming out and the concern that my mother had shown. He told me that he loved me no matter what and, despite the cliche, it really did sound genuine. He sat me down with a beer and sat across from me with his own as I talked. It was awkward at first, but the fact that he seemed genuinely interested and actively listening soon got me to open up about my own concerns about the relationship. He agreed with my mom's prognosis about getting into the relationship too quickly, but said that it wasn't a problem if we were both willing to work at it.

"I don't think you're trying to be too different too soon," he had said, shaking his head and leaning back in his chair, cradling his beer to his chest. "I just don't think that's like you. Really. To be honest, I was worried that you would drop into some of your old habits from early on in high school when you moved to college. I was worried you'd focus just on your trumpet and not on your school or personal life. It's good to hear that you're building a new life up there, and hey, it's good to hear that you're taking advantage of all new surroundings to even experiment a little. This Kris sounds nice, and I want to meet her sometime, since it sounds like you two really do well together."

I replayed more of the conversation in my head as I drove up towards Denver.

"What should I do if it doesn't work out, though?" I had asked. "Girls seem so much more emotional that guys, so I don't want to start some big fight or make her freak out."

He had laughed at me for that one, "You seem to be ignoring the first Chris you went out with. Christopher. The angry phone calls? Him threatening to kill himself? You walking around always on the verge of crying?"

"Well, yeah,"I laughed too, then. "That's true. That was a whole big mess."

"I think you'll be fine, to answer your question. You seem to have found a real gem. One of those girls who doesn't seem burdened by her gender. She's just a person, not a girl. And I think she found a good boyfriend, too," he said, canting his beer towards me in a toast. "You're just a person, too, not a guy. Just be careful this situation doesn't turn you into a guy. You make a much better person."

I had nodded along with him then, but now as I thought back, I think I was a lot closer to understanding how I had gotten myself into this wonderful mess.

I thought about it until I found myself on the outskirts of Boulder, setting the directions Kris had given me against the steering wheel and winding my way west, toward the base of the mountains. The town was beautiful, and I had a hard time taking it in while driving and following directions at the same time. It felt like a perfect mixture home and Fort Collins, with the mountains and the mild weather both, not to mention the beautiful planes of ruddy rock jutting up just west of the town, providing a comfortable backdrop for the city that promised to be amazing during sunrises.

I found myself in front of Kris' house sooner than I had expected and parked the car along the street in front of it, sitting for a second before digging in my pocket for my phone. I was startled with my cell halfway out of my pocket by a knocking on my window, looking over to a positively beaming girl standing next to my car.

"Hey! Get out here and meet the parents!" she shouted, gesturing vaguely back to her house.

I laughed and unbuckled my seatbelt, slipping out of the car and trying to swallow the lump that had formed in my throat when she had mentioned parents. I surrepititiously checked my hair and shave, straightening my shirt as I walked around the car and followed her up the lawn to the front door where her father was standing. He was wearing a red hoodie and khakis, and I could tell that he was likely the source for that little bit of weight Kris had on her; he seemed almost larger than life.

"James Careen," he offered, sticking out a meaty hand for me to shake. "You must be Cory."

Startled by his solemnity, I shook his hand as firmly as I could manage without shaking, nodding.

Kris reached around me to punch her father in the shoulder, "Daddy! Cut it out."

James Careen bellowed his laughter and reached his free arm around to slap me on the shoulder, pulling me into a very manly sort of hug. "Relax, kid, you'll be fine. Damn, Kris, you picked a nervy one!"

"Don't give that poor boy a heart attack, Jim," a bright voice sounded from behind Kris' father. Opposites apparently do attract, I thought. Hardly taller than Kris herself, her mother seemed frail enough to be snapped by a slight breeze. She edged herself between her husband and me and leaned to give me a feather-light hug, smiling widely all the while. "I'm Kathy, dear. Kristal has told us an awful lot about you!"

"Mom," Kris whined through clenched teeth, leaning in against me as her mother let me free of the hug, slipping her hand into mine. "Making me feel like I'm in high school again."

"Oh, come on, girl," her father rumbled, grinning at the two of us. "Now that you've left us, for that flat, wicked place up north, we're allowed to dote at least a little bit."

I was herded into the house by Kris and her parents and stood just inside the door. Their house was painted a series of colors, each of which seemed to go with whichever room it belonged to: the dining room was painted a comfortably warm yellow to pick up the sunlight from the south-facing double french doors. Hard wood flooring extended from the living room to the dining room and, I assumed, down the hallway as well.

"You have a beautiful house," I commented to no one in particular.

"Thank you, dear," Kris' mom quipped, smiling as Kris set a laundry basket in my hands. Judging from its weight, it either contained several bowling balls, or else the clothes were packed to be just as dense.

"We gotta get going, I think," Kris said. "I want to take Cory to Pearl Street before it gets too dark, and we have to head up after that."

"Sounds like a plan." Kris' dad was burdened with another laundry basket that seemed to be filled half with bedding and half with clothes, "Shall we load up, then?"

Kris nodded and led the parade of her belongings out of the house, burdened only with her backpack. The two laundry baskets wrangled for space in the trunk of my car, but eventually fit, leaving the passenger footwell for backpack storage. With the car loaded, we gathered back on the foreshortened front lawn of the ranch house so that Kris could say goodbye to her parents. Hugs were had and Kris' father clapped me on the back again, saying, "Tell your boyfriend to relax."

Kris rolled her eyes, "I will, dad."

And with that, we were in the car again, pulling back out into the street and heading toward the road that would take us further into town.

"Sorry about my parents," Kris sighed, slouching in the passenger seat. "They're pretty weird."

"They were nice, I thought. Never met anyone's parents before. When I was in a relationship with them, I mean."

"Really?" Kris laughed, pointing out the way towards downtown. "Why not? I'm not your first relationship, right?"

I grinned and shook my head, "No, just that I was always the one with the liberal parents willing to meet a boy's boyfriend. The two or three boyfriends I had all had parents that weren't too happy about the whole thing."

Kris nodded a little and picked at her nails distractedly. "You'll have to tell me about them sometime. I'm curious."

"Uh... well, alright, so long as you tell me about your exes," I shot back.

"Ex. Only one. Fair enough, though." She stared out the window for a few seconds before seeming to perk up, "It's good to see you again! Sorry, I was all wrapped up in thinking about parents."

I laughed and nodded, patting at her thigh with my free hand.

We pulled into a parking space in what seemed to be the middle of a neighborhood, which Kris assured me was close enough to our destination. Sure enough, a block north of where we parked, we walked out onto a brick-paved lane. Brownstone style storefronts lined the street as pedestrians, bundled against the chill of November, wandered between planters, each covered with a thin rime of snow.

"It's kind of like Old Town up by campus, except cleaner, and with no cars."

I nodded and looked around before following Kris as she started to wander along with the pedestrian traffic, "It's pretty awesome. There's a place sort of like it up in Steamboat, too."

Kris bumped against me as she slid her arm through mine, hand holding onto my elbow loosely. "Tell me about your break. We didn't talk enough while you were gone."

"It really was pretty boring," I shrugged, marvelling at the fact that I had never escorted anyone like this before. "My step-sister came home and spent most of the break whining. It was good, though, because it kept my step-dad out of my hair for the most part. Went on some walks with my mom and her dogs. Spent a bit of time talking about, you know, us."

She smiled and gave my arm a squeeze in her hand. "Yeah? How'd everyone take it? Other than your step-dad, I mean."

"Well, I think I told you about my mom. She's happy for us and all, but still thinks that me going for a girl right after moving out is just some sort of reaction thing. I spent more time trying to convince her that I really do like you than i wanted to."

Kris nodded and guided me as we walked along Pearl Street, walking us between planters, along storefronts, and around sculptures. "And your dad?" she asked, pulling me toward a shop that seemed to specialize in Tibetan and Indian imports. There was a dearth of those all over Colorado.

"He was way cool with it, actually." I blushed a little as I added, "He made a bit of a scene about the fact that he might have grand children. I guess I was going to be the last of the line if I didn't have kids."

"Weird," Kris laughed, shaking her head and pulling me into the shop, making a bee-line for a shelf full of brass and what appeared to be glass bowls. "I hope you aren't planning on that yet, sir. I'd like to go ahead and enjoy life for a few more years before I spoil it with children."

I grinned and nodded, watching as she picked up a suede-covered mallet and a brass bowl. She struck the side of the bowl with the suede end of the mallet and got a multi-tone ring out of it before flipping the mallet around and drawing it around the rim of the bowl, always keeping contact with the metal. After a few turns around the bowl I began to notice that one of the tones produced from the strike wasn't fading like the rest. Instead, it got louder and louder until a piercing tone was flowing steadily from the bowl. The tone crescendoed until the bowl was vibrating so much that it caused the handle of the mallet to bounce against the bowl and bring out the other tones.

"Holy crap!" I exclaimed. "That's awesome! What is that?"

"Singing bowl," Kris said proudly, as if she had invented the concept. She quickly set the bowl back down and moved to stand in front of one of the crystal or class bowls. These were much larger, probably a foot and a half in diameter and about as tall.

"Whoa, are those singing bowls, too?"

To answer me, she grabbed the mallet with both hands and drew it around the rim of the bowl, using the felt-lined end of it this time. It took a few seconds, but a low hum rose from the bowl. The hum grew and grew in volume until I had to step back from the bowl it was so loud. Kris grinned at me, then adopted a sheepish look, quickly setting the mallet back down on the shelf. I turned around to find the whole store staring at us.

We left quickly, laughing amongst ourselves. "I used to do that every time I came down here, so I had to do it now while I was visiting."

Slipping my arm around her shoulders, I smiled at the thought of a girl visiting once a month for years, older every time, just to play the little singing bowls. "Cute," was my verdict.

She elbowed me in the side and grinned up to me.

"Anyway," I said, picking at the thread of our previous conversation. "Did you tell your parents you're dating a gay guy?"

Walking with me toward the end of the street mall, she nodded. "Yeah, they were kind of interested in it. My dad's a psychologist, and made me promise that I wasn't trying to convert you or anything. He's not a big fan of the whole ex-gay movement."

"Well, neither am I."

"Me either," Kris laughed. "I told him it was more like you figuring out you were bi instead of just gay."

"True enough, I suppose. I mean, I don't really know what it is, why I got in a relationship with you, I just like you."

"You're a dork," Kris explained, and I noticed that it wasn't likely just the cold that was making her ears so red.

"Can't help it, sorry," I grinned. "What about your mom?"

"She was cool with it, I suppose. My first relationship didn't end very well, so she's all protective of me. She was worried, sort of like your mom. Almost about the same thing, even, that you were just experimenting and would wind up hurting me."

"Well, that's not, like, my goal or anything. I--"

"Shh," she interrupted, giggling. "I know you're not aiming to hurt me. Mom just wants me to guard myself so I don't get hurt bad if things don't work out. She also told me not to tell you that, by the way..."

"I understand, I guess." I shrugged, "I don't want to hurt you, and I don't plan on it. What do you think you'd do if things don't work out, though?"

"Probably feel hurt. I'd kick you in the shins, too, so that you'd feel hurt, too."

I laughed, "Fair enough! I just don't want it to, like, destroy your life if this relationship ends, though."

She smirked and leaned in against me, "That won't happen. I'm not that fragile. And even if I was, do you think I'd tell you."

"Well, I'd hope so."

She shook her head. "No, because then you'd try to stay with me even if you didn't want to, just so you wouldn't do that. I think that would hurt the most."

I shook my head and tugged her against me, "Well, whatever. Lets talk about something else."

Kris laughed and stuck her tongue out at me. "Come on, lets check out the book store, then we can head back up to school."
Come Monday, I decided it was finally time to really get down and study. I woke up at about eleven in the afternoon and lazed around with some coffee, listening to music, and by noon, I pulled out my theory book for the start of the studying. I figured I could catch up with Kris after all of her finals with the excuse of studying for our shared exam by Tuesday.

Theory, it turned out, was one of my strong points. Everythin in music fits together so well, and just by looking at it, I was starting to recognize how things worked and, more importantly for my grade, why some things didn't work. Most of what we had been learning in class for this semester was what was called functional harmony for the early baroque period. This was about the time that all the rules were solidified in western music, solidifying the sound of the times into what we now know from Bach and his ilk.

Each chord is given a symbol when discussed theoretically. The tonic, the main key of the piece that everything revolved around, was the roman numeral 'I'. Chords could be numbered sequentially after that, changing the case of the numerals in order to show how they sounded (lower case being minor, upper case being major). So, continuing through the subsequent tones of a major scale, we get the following succession:

  I ii iii IV V vi vii

That final chord, the seven chord, is neither major nor minor, but diminished, thus the funny symbol aftewards. The difference between all of those chords is in the way they're constructed. A major chord is a major third topped with a minor third, a minor chord is a minor third topped with a major third, and the diminished chord is a minor third topped with a minor third. With both the major chords and the minor chords, the two outer pitches form a perfect fifth, which is the second most consonant sounding interval after the octave, but with the diminished triad, this fifth is, well, diminished. The resulting interval, called a tritone, is arguably the most dissonant of intervals. This comes into play later, with the concept of resolution.

Now, chords are all well and good, but you can't just throw chords together willy nilly. Or, rather, you can, and it's called panchordalism, but not in functional harmony. Those crazy folk back in the seventeen hundreds found that the human ear likes it best when one thing progresses to the next, so they came up with certain rules for producing music that sounds like it progresses naturally. Of course, for the next three hundred years, composers struggled to break this system and pull away from it as much as possible, but it does provide a good foundation for a theoretical knowledge of music. Rules were made to be broken, but you have to learn the rules, first. In order to help us out, theoreticians came up with the concept of classifying chords.

  I(T) ii iii IV V vi vii

Those numbers next to the chords now show their classification. The rules of the game are to count down towards 'T' as much as possible, and 'T' can go anywhere. With this new set of data, we can now easily construct as simple chord progression just by counting down:

  I(T) iii vi ii V I(T)

This now gives us a harmonic sequence that actually goes some place. That '7' after the dominant (five) chord indicates that we should add the seventh note counting up from the root pitch of that chord, adding another minor third on top of the chord. Now, notice that if you take away the bottom pitch of those four notes to get three once more, you get that viichord from earlier, which means that there is a tritone buried inside that V chord. That tritone is what gives the chord its quality of unfinished business, driving it to resolve to the tonic more strongly than a simple dominant would.

All of this is fairly abstract, of course. If you look at a keyboard, you will more readily see how this concept of resolution works. Let's respell the chords as if we were working the key of C, which is easiest to visualize on the piano. Our available chords then become

  C d e F G a b

and our progression then becomes

  C e a d G C

If you have a piano, you can play this through using all white keys, and when you do, you can see how the resolution of the tritone (the notes b and f) leads to the interval being reduced by half a step on either side into the major third of the one chord. This, I had decided, was one of the coolest things about music. Not only where there the vertical aspects of chords, but the horizontal aspect of time. Not only was there a need to move from one sound to another, but when rhythm comes into play, everything becomes all that much more complicated. The same goes for all of the different concepts in music: they're simple but, but by starting to add them together, the music becomes exponentially more complex.

I sat back in my chair thinking about this rather than actually studying for quite a while. I found it much more interesting trying to dissect life in the same way --- trying to pick out all of those vertical aspects amongs the horizontal aspect of times and the diagonal skew that emotions put on everything --- than worrying music theory. I was confident enough in that area.

Relationships, I thought, must be some sort of infinitely tall vertical aspect in life, and that aspect continued onto the horizontal plane as time changed and modified the relationship. Of course, being in both the horizontal and vertical planes meant that relationships are more shapes than just linear structures. One could paint a picture (a very abstract one) of the relationships in one's life, with each shape being a relationship I winced at the logical conclusion of thinking of the beginnings and endings of relationships.

Chris, the ex that everyone had liked and that had ruined me so completely for a period of time, had wound up in a new relationship before finishing the relationship that he was already in with me. Those two shapes in his life would, I suppose, look as if they were dove-tailed together or perhaps mine would taper to a point as it was quashed under the weight of the newer, apparently more exciting relationship. I didn't know his new boyfriend, so I couldn't say that the shapes would overlap.

I closed my book and tossed it onto the bed, realizing just how far away from music theory I'd gotten. I wanted to tease this idea apart as if it was a knotted ball of string, so I was willing to just sit back in my chair and half-listen to music while I thought.

My chest ached with the remembered loss as I pulled memory after memory out of the disorganized pile of hyperbole. Chris and I had lasted for more than a year together. Even though he lived in Denver, he was an avid skier and had an older brother that was as well. We had met on the slopes just ouside of town and had hit it off right away. He kept coming back weekend after weekend for quite a while, staying in one of the cheapest hotels around with his brother so that they could spend the whole weekend skiiing. After a while, they had started staying over at my place since my mom had liked him.

Due to his parents being rather unfavorable to his sexuality, I never did visit him where he lived. His brother, thankfully, was okay with the whole thing and acted as something of an enabler of our relationship. Not only was Chris' brother into skiing, but kayaking as well, which gave Chris an excuse to come up and visit during the summer. He never really told me for most of the relationship what his parents thought of the fact that he and his brother had started spending so much time so far away, but I got feeling that they weren't too positive on the whole thing. In fact, that was the reason he gave for breaking up with me, but it wasn't until a week or so after the fact that I got a phone call from his brother explaining what had really happened.

Chris, it seems, had been spending more and more time with someone much more local to him, and his brother had walked in on them a week before Chris ended our relationship. His brother had urged Chris to pick one or the other, even if he had to lie to do so. Seeing how hurt I was, he had said, he decided to call and let me know the truth of the matter. He told me to keep in touch if I needed any emotional support for him, that he considered me his friend after this long year of seeing me on weekends as he had.

I had called Chris' brother once or twice after some particularly harsh fights both online and over the phone with Chris, but after a week or two of all this and much concern on the part of both of my parents, I had finally just dropped the whole thing. I didn't use the computer for anything but homework for about a month and a half, and only answered my cell phone if I saw that it was my parents calling. I didn't answer the house phone at all.

Even almost two years later, I'm still not sure how much good cutting myself off so completely from the whole situation did me, though as time goes by, I was starting to see it as a necessary part of getting over the relationship. Chris hadn't given me any closure to things, so I took the time to make my own closure, however painful.

I shook my head and rubbed my face briskly with my hands, rocking forward in my chair to bat at my keyboard, startling my computer out of wakefulness. I had Kris now, I thought, checking to see if she was online or if she had left me any messages on one of the many social networking websites that had popped up recently. Kris was different, and, I thought, even if the relationship did end, she was local, so hopefully closure would be easier to reach. Kris was the current shape on ever-widening canvas of my life, whatever that meant.

I was startled out of my reverie by a knock at the door, two taps followed by a syncopated tap after. I got up quickly enough to knock over my chair and bounded over to swing the door open to let my girlfriend in.

"Hey!" she cried. "That was quick. You waiting for me?"

I grinned and gave her a quick hug and a kiss on the forehead before letting her the rest of the way into my room, "Well, sort of, I guess. Just recognize your knock now."

"Mmf. Good, well let me in so I can set my shit down."

I nodded and stood to the side so she could slip past, leaving a trail of debris as she went; backpack, one shoe, gloves, jacket, the other shoe, and my theory book made a neat trail from the door to my bed, pointing the way to Kris as she lay facedown in my covers. I followed this detritus to the girl and sat down next to her, trailing my fingertips up and down her spine.

"Oh God, Cor," she said muffledly. "Keep that up."

I nodded despite the fact that she couldn't see me, bringing both of my hands into play in order to draw straight lines down her back with my fingertips, massaging my way back up to her shoulders only to do it again. "That bad, huh?"

"I guess," she groaned. "I mean, I think I did well, just that I had to use all the time, and that's, like, four hours in those shitty chairs. I feel like I got punched in the back several times, plus a kick to the head for good measure."

"Aw, pobrecita," I murmurred affectionately. "Want some aspirin or something?"

"Nah, just rub my neck or something."

I complied, rubbing my hands up her back so that I could rub and stroke my fingers up in against her neck, massaging at the base of her skull, trailing up into her hair a little as well.

"You're my hero," she sighed. "So what'd you spend your day off doing? Talking on the internets?"

I laughed and stretched out next to Kris on the sliver of bed I had at my disposal, propping my head up with one hand while the other one toyed with her hair. "Nah, studied some, listened to music, thought a lot."

"Yeah? What about?"

I shrugged and drew spirals down along her back with my fingertips, "Class, and an ex."

Kris turned her head to look at me, so I took the opportunity to kiss at her cheek. "Tell me about it?" she asked.

"Oh, he just sorta... dove-tailed relationships. Started a new one before ours was finished. Was just thinking back on the mess that caused."

She nodded, "Any particular reason why?"

I shrugged and grinned, "Nah, just kinda started thinking about it."

"Well, was it really messy?"

"Yeah. We had some angry calls back and forth and yelled at each other over IM lots. Finally I just called it quits and didn't talk to him for a month and a half, then ever again after that."

"Yeowch," Kris murmured and rolled onto her side, putting her hands flat against my chest. "Crazy shit."

"What about your break up?" I asked, resting my hand on her side now. "Was that messy?"

Kris nodded.

"Don't want to talk about it?"

"Not yet." She pushed at my chest, threatening to roll me off the bed. "Come on, we got studying to do for tomorrow."
Wednesday. I'd made it through all of my classes at least once.

My schedule had Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays fairly full with only composition and symphonic band on Tuesdays, plus a large block of time that I'd scheduled for my independent study type math class. So far, all I'd done in class, though was gotten a bunch of papers: syllabi, grading rubrics, a few questionaires. We'd played some sort of name game in all of my classes except for band, which still required another audition.

I ran into Eric a good deal at the new music building. It was quite a walk from the dorms and we both made the trek there for our early-morning classes. The fact that the building used to be the old Fort Collins High School only served to make everything seem more like my old school. The campus was open, sure, and the classes were more specific, but it was still walking around with a backpack carrying too much stuff through room-lined hallways.

Along with Eric, Joseph and Jamen took to spending a good deal of time in my room. It turned out that Jamen already knew my roommate from somewhere else, though he wasn't exactly specific where from. On Tuesday night, I came home to find a TV occupying some of the empty space by the window between our two halves of the room. Jamen and Thomas were parked in front of it watching Starship Troopers, and the whole room smelled a little of nag champa incense and a muskier undertone. Judging from their giggles and glassy eyed stares, I could guess how Jamen knew my roommate.

And so... Wednesday. Trudging across campus on I had sat next to Kris during composition, since she was the only person there that I knew, and we talked a litte more as we made our way out of the engineering building, apparently the only place they could stuff this inconvenient class. She was into jazz and rock from Japan; I liked computers; she was raised Christian but felt more Buddhist about everything; I was apathetic, raised by apathetic parents; she wanted to be a writer, or at least an editor; I didn't want to be a teacher, but it would make me money. She was a pretty funny girl, and one of the few people I had gotten to know in my five days at school, and she apparently felt rather the same way, so we made plans to get together for lunch the next day with a few of each of our friends.

And so... Wednesday. Trudging across campus on tired feet with my mug of coffee, talking with Eric to keep from spacing out.

"Man, I'm friggin' jealous of my roommate. His classes don't start until nine. I mean, I guess that's only an hour later, but that's an hour of precious sleep," he whined.

"I hear ya." I swapped hands holding my mug so I could shake the other one out. August mornings were much warmer down here on the plains than up in the hills. "It's like.. all our academic classes are in the morning, in music, and all our ensembles in the afternoon."

"Well, it's good for us singers. We had choir in the morning in high school, and it's pretty rough."

"I guess it makes sense, yeah. Everything started at seven thirty in high school, too. Dunno why eight in the morning feels so damn early now."

"Wow," Eric laughed. "I think that's the first time I've heard you curse. Did your parents always get down on you for that?"

I felt my cheeks redden, but chuckled along with him. "Yeah, I wasn't supposed to cuss at home, and guess I never got around to it at school."

"Never got around to it," Eric smiled. "Fuck. Goddamn shit," he added and I burst out laughing at the look of relish on his face.

"Yep, fuck," I said in response. "It's hard to shake the feeling of living under someone else's rules when you've done it for eighteen years."

Eric nodded, "We're free now, though."

Walking through the underpass beneath College Avenue, the main thoroughfare of Fort Collins, I remembered about Kris, "Oh yeah, going to lunch at Parmalee with this girl I met in my composition class and some of her friends. Noon. Want to come, too?"

"What? Meeting girls already? You band kids are such players," Eric laughed as I socked him in the shoulder.

"It's not like that, I promise," I said, adding silently, 'I don't go for girls.'

"Sure, that's what you say now. Anyway, yeah, I'll come along. I think Joseph has class, but if I run into him, I'll get Jamen to come along too, if you want."

"Yeah, go ahead. You'll probably see him before I do."

Eric nodded and waved, ducking up along a more northerly path towards his class as I continued on toward the front of the building and my theory class to review what I'd already learned in highschool.

Theory was followed by history, where I spent more time looking at the teacher than listening to him talk. I shook myself out of it a few times, trying to convince myself to pay attention. I'd always catch myself staring again; at least it looked like I was paying attention. He was a grad student and a bit of a looker. He reminded me of Jamen

I had a spare hour after history before a manditory meeting of the music department and I decided against the long walk home if I'd have to walk back. I walked around for a few minutes before I found a few chairs on the landing of the grand staircase above the entry way to the school. I picked one in the corner and pulled out a book to read, but I wound up getting distracted by the singers next to me talking and laughing, letting myself get caught up in their conversation.

The departmental, the meeting I had to go to, turned out to be just a bunch of rules I'd already read, so I spent most of the time zoning out. I had skipped breakfast and was looking forward to lunch. Food and friends.

Despite time dragging its heels, eleven fifty rolled around before too long and Eric and I hurried out of the music building. The dorm we were eating at, Parmalee, was most of the way across campus, and we weren't even technically on campus. We walked quickly and laughed as we talked along the way. We even met Jamen in the plaza in front of the student center by chance and dragged him along with us, easily overcoming his objections of wanting to take care of his math homework, the same type of stuff I was supposed to be doing.

We were only five minutes late for our noon o'clock lunch at the dorm and waited to be swiped in to see Kris and one of her friends loitering just past the entrance. She smirked at us as we we waited to have our IDs scanned, tapping at her decidedly watch-less wrist. I gave her a helpless shrug and a stupid grin.

"Hey Cory," she said, gesturing to her friend. "This is Erin, my roommate."

"Nice to meet you. This is Eric," I gestured in turn, feeling stupidly formal as I did so. "And Jamen."

There was an awkward pause for a moment before Kris burst out laughing and we all chuckled, "Effin' stupid. We gotta get food before I implode."

We made our way across the dining hall and then down a narrow hallway to what was apparently another section of the cafeteria, Kris explaining over her shoulder, "Parmalee and Corbett are attached at the kitchen. The Corbett side's better. All sorts of Mexican and stuff over there."

We split up when we got to the Corbett side and each went to one of the different 'restaurants' they had over there. Kris, Jamen, and I wound up waiting in line for quesadillas while Eric and Erin sought out one of the main entree lines; they seemed to be hitting it off fairly well.

"So how's the whole school thing going for you guys?" Kris asked, leaning back against one of the poles of the rope barrier, standing on the base with her heels so that it didn't tip over.

"Good enough," I mumbled. "Boring so far."

Jamen shrugged and crossed his arms over his chest, "Too much politics."

"Wow, already?" Kris winced.

"Yeah. You can tell some of the teachers don't like the others in the art department, and there's all this seniority crap that some people take way too seriously." Another shrug, then, "Oh well, it's all good. How 'bout you?"

"Oh, I dunno, I'm having fun so far." She nodded her head at me as she said, "Our comp class is a bunch of crap. I think our teacher's a fundamentalist."

I laughed and nodded, "She's pretty nuts."

Jamen grinned and nodded, "Mine too. We started talking about writing arguments, like how to argue a point, and she wants us to focus on gay marriage this semester."

"So? What side are you going to write about?" Kris asked. She had gotten there before me. It was one of those innocuous questions that could tell you about your friends before you outed yourself to them. Couch it in a current news item.

"Well," Jamen mumbled, blushing now that he was on the spot. "I'm all for it. Gay marriage, that is."

"Good!" Kris laughed and looked pointedly at me, "I'd have to question your taste in friends, Cory, if Jamen here was against it."

I blinked, taken aback, "Er? Well... why?"

"Well, my brother's gay, but too lazy to be an activist about it, so I do it for him!"

We laughed a bit and I swallowed the rising bile --- I had been worried that she knew that I was gay and was about to blurt that out in front of Jamen. I had wanted to tell everyone on my own terms.

Jamen, being the first in line, got his quesadilla first and wandered off to the table that Eric and Erin had picked out and were already holding an animated discussion over. Kris watched him go, then looked at me side-long, "And you are too, aren't you?"

Stunned once more, I nodded a little bit.

"It showed in your reaction." She looked at me a little more intently and laughed, "Hey! Relax! I just said I was alright with it, didn't I? Its not like I'm gonna shun you and tell all your friends."

I must've relaxed visibly because Kris giggled again and gave me a half-hug, one hand taken up by her quesadilla on a plate. I returned the hug awkwardly. With her hair, she came up to about my nose. She smelled like peppermint. "Just relax, get your food."
"C'mon, Cory. You take friggin' forever."

I threw my binder into my backpack and tucked the New York Times in along with it, zipping the thing up so quickly that neatly perforated a corner of the paper that hadn't quite made it in all the way. "Sorry, sorry... wasn't paying attention."

"You're worse than a girl, boy," Kris laughed. "Hell, you're almost worse than Erin."

Now that it was a few weeks into the semester, classes were picking up. Our composition teacher had required us to get a newspaper at least once a week and write a one page basic analysis of one of the articles in it for every Tuesday's class. Kris and I had gotten in the habit of doing that on Tuesday afternoons before class in my room; me working on my desktop and Kris on her laptop so that she could use my printer. She always finished before I did.

I bounced out of the room as she held the door open for me, letting it shut heavily behind us as we walked quickly down the hall.

"Man, I hope that didn't wake Thomas." I said, "He was pretty zonked out."

"Poor boy must not be sleeping well," Kris said, sounding worried. It had caught me off guard, originally, that the little anachronisms of her speech sounded so natural coming from her.

"Oh, come on, you don't really believe that, do you?"

She laughed and shouldered me against the wall, "'Course not, he was stoned out of his gourd."

September had taken an edge off the heat of August, but only a bit. It was still warm enough for t-shirts and, for the adventurous and slightly fashion challenged Jamen, shorts outside, so Kris and I speed-walked to the engineering class from my dorm unencumbered by heavy clothing, dodging guys on longboards and girls on cruiser bikes.

My back was sweaty from hauling my pack by the time we got to class, just barely avoiding being late. I sat forward in my chair and tugged the damp t-shirt away from my skin, pulling on it a few times to help cool myself down. Kris made a gagging face at me and I stuck my tongue out at at her.

"At least this building has AC," I murmurred to her, hushing up quickly and looking apologetic when the teacher gave me a Significant Glance.

"Alright, pass your papers to the aisle and up to the front," the teacher said in that insufferable whine she had for a voice.

I pulled my paper out and handed it to Kris, getting my New York Times out as well and putting it in front of me, relaxing back against the seat a bit as the papers percolated to the front, the class then going from person to person to give a brief synopsis of the stories they had written about. I'd picked something about how global warming was viewed in the UK, and Kris had picked a story about book banning.

Class plodded along dully and I spent most of the remainder of the hour and a half trying to see how close together I could draw concentric circles with a ball-point pen without them touching, taking up most of the margins of my newspaper. I spoke up once or twice in the discussion about appeals in an argument, enough to get me credit in the class. Having been in school long enough now, I had come to agree with Kris --- college comp was bullshit.

When we were finally free to go, Kris and I walked back to my place much more slowly than we had to get to class, drifting across the plaza almost without direction.

"Alright, so if I were to design a curriculum to teach English majors writing," Kris began. She talked about this almost every time after composition. "I'd probably drop all this BS about arguments. They're teaching us as if we all plan on going into politics and we need to come up with rebuttals to proposals. The appeals stuff is cool, at least from a fiction standpoint. I mean, it's kinda cool to see how pathos and logos turn up in novels. Real novels, not that trashy sci-fi you read."

"Hey! It's not trashy! It's legitimate writing! At least, the stuff I read. No little green men or anything."

Kris laughed.

"Speaking of debatably legitimate writing, want to go see the new Batman movie tonight? Haven't been to a movie in this town yet."

"Sure, I guess." Kris shrugged, "Mind if Erin comes along? She's all gung-ho about it. Plus, she can drive. The theater isn't exactly walking distance from campus."

"Erin, huh? That means Eric's going to have to come along, too."

"Oh, come on, he's your friend!" she laughed

"I know, I know," I replied. "They're just so... disgustingly cute together. They need to just, like... officially start going out and quit teasing us all."

Kris elbowed me in the side, "What, you have a problem with them being close?"

I elbowed back, just because. "No, it's not that. I just think it's a little quick for them to already be getting into a relationship."

"Whoa now, you just said they should get together..."

"Jooooookiiiing," I sang out.

"Jaaaaackaaaass," Kris mimicked.

We piled back into my dorm room to find Thomas lounging on his bed with his Beastie Boys turned up to eleven.

"Hey, buddy!" I shouted over the rap. "If you're going to listen to nineties music, can you maybe turn it down so we can talk?"

Convulsing with chuckles, he pawed at the remote to his stereo, knocking it off the bed. With Kris laughing, I grabbed at it and turned the music down to a somewhat saner level. I hadn't heard Intergalactic since middle school, and although I liked it then, I wasn't about to start listening to it again any time soon.

Plopping down in front of my computer and unlocking it, Kris directed me to the theater's website so that I could look up showings for the movie, simultaneously trying to rouse Eric over IM.

"Here, I'll get Erin," Kris mumbled, tugging her laptop from her backpack to wake it up, the very tip of her tongue poking from the corner of her mouth as she typed in her password.

"Whoa now, why don't I have either of you in my contacts? C'mon, what's your IM?"

She giggled a little and rocked back on the bed just as a program, my instant messaging client, started flashing in the task bar on my own computer. Clicking on the flashing window, I brought up the window, 'Message from krisTALsaidso'. My hands whacked away at the keyboard.

KRISTALSAIDSO: asdfjklasdfj;asdf

CORYROC: Dork. How did you get my sn?

Kris punched me in the shoulder. "I'm right here, son. Don't like computers nearly enough to IM someone sitting right next to me."

Laughing and leaning away from her, I replied, "Well, how'd you get my name, then?"

"Well, Eric's my friend, too," she shot back.

"Oh. Duh, sorry." I closed the window and scrolled for the Batman show times. "What's the 'TAL' stand for, anyway."

"The... awesome... lemur?" She wound up as if to punch me again, grinning as I shied away. "My name's Kristal, dear. Though if you ever call me that, I may just miss your shoulder the next time I hit you."

Thomas laughed from the other side of the room, a hollow 'hu hu' sound. "Kriiiistal."

"Shut up, stoner!" She threw my travel mug at the kid.

"Maybe woul'nt be so touchy if you just got a little hiiiiiigh," Thomas sighed the last word before convulsing with his cuckles once more, rolling onto his side away from us and curling up some. His already slurred speech always got that much worse when he was really gone.

"Alright, children," I interrupted. "There's one at six thirty, Kris, that good?"

"Mmn," she chewed on her tongue a little more as she typed away at her own keyboard. "Yeah, Erin says that's fine, too. Eric's at her place anyway. Gotta, like, wolf down dinner first, though. It's already five fifteen."

"Really? That far away?" I asked incredulously.

She grinned at me, "C'mon, the previous are the best part!"

I pulled a face, but dutifully locked my computer again as she stuffed her computer back into her backpack, kicking the bag under my bed with her heel. We marched in lockstep down the hall for no particular reason and then I tried to walk along with her so that our steps made a swing tempo, but I must've looked too goofy trying that, because she rammed me into the wall again. I wasn't quite sure why we were so elated, but wasn't about to start complaining.

Dinner passed in a hurry, and we ran halfway to Parmalee to catch up with Erin and Eric, stopping only when our stomachs cramped. Soon enough, the two of us were piled into the back of Erin's coconut scented white Honda Accord so as to make the trek down to the theater, which really was on the outskirts on town.

Walking from the car to the theater, Kris tugged at the sleeve of my shirt, dropping back with me a little bit so that she could raise her eyebrows and gesture towards our two friends. Eric and Erin were walking close enough together that it was difficult to see, but their fingers were intertwined. Not quite holding hands, but some subtle medium that seemed all that much more intimate for the differences.

Taking a double step, I caught up with Eric and gave him a pat on the shoulder, though he jumped as if I'd slapped him, looking bashfully back toward me and sneaking his hand back into his pocket. I grinned as disarmingly as I could while nodding in what I hoped was an approving fashion.

He smiled back gratefully and I saw his hand slip back out of his pocket to seek Erin's again, though she seemed decidedly distracted by Kris leaning agianst her in order to nudge her closer to Eric. Not quite as subtle, I thought.

The guys got the girls' tickets --- Eric out of some sense of chivalry and me because of the distressingly well-practiced puppy-dog eyes Kris gave me --- and we all made our way into the theater. Picking some seats out somewhere in the middle despite Kris' pleas for the first row, we sat together, the boys on the outside surrounding the girls. The lights were already half-dim and some sort of pre-show set of commercials was running in lieu of a slide show, affording us some opportunities to jeer at network TV's new blunders and a rather blatantly patriotic music video.

The lights finally dimmed to darkness as the screen flickered towards real film and the previews. Kris golf-clapped excitedly and then surprised me by tugging the armrest up from between us and leaning in against me. I stiffened somewhat in my seat before relaxing again a little, shrugging it off.

I'd never understand the girl's random displays of affection with me.
I shared breakfast with the Careens on the first of the new year. Brunch, was more like it. Kathy cooked eggs to order and some turkey bacon, and there was plenty of coffee to go around. Kris and I then spent some time calling around to various places we thought the party might happen at. Results were mostly disappointing due to us waiting until so late a time in order to try to reserve a room. We lucked out, however, at a place in Winter Park. Someone, it seems, had to cancel their plans earlier that day and had left one suite open, which the lady was kind enough to book for us, even promising us a discount --- very small, of course --- for filling that spot on short notice and in the middle of the week. With today being Monday, we were able to book for Wednesday night the week after. Kris called the others involved and let them know the final date while I borrowed her computer to look up Thomas' number. When I got a hold of him, he informed me that he was "bored out of his gourd" and would "totally dig" a trip up into the mountains.

With everything set for next week, I spent another hour or so canoodling with Kris in her room before the clock let me know that it was time to get going. I needed to get back down to Steamboat before it got dark, and I figured my welcome didn't extend to another night at Kris' place, despite her whining about getting me to stay. Since my mom's was closer to Winter Park than my dad's, it would be worth the tortuous drive to my mom's straight from Boulder in order to save time in the long run. Especially since the place was registered in my name.

Kris and I held a prolonged goodbye in her room before both heading upstairs so that I could give my farewells to her parents. There was another kiss on the stoop before I made my way back to the car, watching her stand on the front step with her arms crossed against the chill in order to watch me until I turned onto the main drag of Boulder.

The main street led to the Boulder/Denver Turnpike, Highway 36, and out of town, but I skipped that turn and stayed on Broadway. It felt a little as though my chest held a spool of thread, and one end of it was attached to Kris; the further I drove from the city, the more I felt emotions unravelling in my chest, spinning into a dull ache of loneliness. By the time I was away from Boulder and following the winding road I had looked up along the front range of the mountains, I was actively pining. I rummaged around in the center console for my CDs and found the saddest one I could think of, Mozart's Requiem, and slid it into the car's radio. Sad music always cheered me up.

That winding, scant highway led me back on to I-70 which drove me deeper into the mountains and closer to home. By the time I left the small, Interstate-side towns behind and pushed on towards Highway 40, my route back home, I was no longer overcome with the sadder emotions, replaying the New Years party in my mind instead.

That whole incedent with Alan had proved to be exceptionally weird. I thought back through my younger years, through the time that I had come out, to try and remember if there was any time that I had tried to be that manipulative in order to expose a part of myself to someone else. I had been dramatic at times, to be sure, resulting in some embarrassing moments of anticlimax, as I'm sure I had caused for Alan, but hardly to the extent of what he had done. Everything about it had seemed so rehearsed, as if he had been planning it all from the point he had decided that I was gay.

That was another problem with the whole thing. It was decidedly difficult for me to not just chalk things up to gaydar, because I was fairly sure that I didn't do anything stereotypically gay, certainly nothing overt, to be sure. I dressed like an idiot, talked like any other band dork, and was awkward around everyone, not just guys or girls. I felt that I was as affectionate with Kris in public as I had been with Chris or any other boyfriend. Moreso even, due to the lack of stigma that went with homosexuality. Gaydar, though, was something I never trusted. It wasn't just that I didn't have anything resembling it myself, so much as there was no logical basis for it when things weren't completely obvious, especially once mainstream media had deemed it just fine to be 'metrosexual'.

I shook my head and drove on. I thought instead of Kris' story of Dante. Anger sank into the pit of my stomach and I gripped the steering wheel tighter. It was hard to take what Kris had said about what had happened afterwards into account. I didn't care if the kid was remorseful or if Kris forgave him. Everything else just spelled date rape to me. I even began to twist the story in my mind, wondering if the pot that she had smoked with him had been laced with anything.

Thoughts of Dante led to worries about myself and the fact that I had never really asked Kris if she had wanted to the four times we had had sex. Of course, the first time had been at her encouragement, but still, I worried. The comment about Dante wearing a condom had struck a nerve as well, and I began to worry about possibly getting Kris pregnant. Kids were not on my list of things to have any time soon, and I had always pictured adopting rather than fathering. And here we had never once been safe beyond Kris taking birth control pills. I added that to my list of things to bring up with her, along with just talking about sex in general. We had only talked about it once or twice and always right after. Since things had progressed to that point, it seemed rather strange I didn't even know what she liked, when it came to affection and intercourse.

I had enjoyed myself during those four times, to be sure. When I asked myself the questions I told myself I would ask Kris, the answers were strangely hard to come by. Catagorizing our experiences to date, I added items to lists of like and dislike: I disliked feeling like I was crushing someone smaller than myself, making missionary position rather strange; I liked how things went last night, much slower than before; I disliked the awkward sounds I made when I breathed heavily; I liked how much softer Kris was than myself, or any guy I had been with for that matter.

Boys, I chided myself. Always thinking about sex.

Of course, I gave in and fantisized about future encounters most of the rest of the way back to Steamboat.

Mom and Jared both greeted me at the door and wished me a happy New Year. I gave my mom a hug and shook Jared's hand, greeting them both.

"So, Cory, how was the party?" Jared asked once we made our way in to the kitchen, dinner already laid out, thankfully still warm.

"Oh, it was alright," I shrugged, slipping into my usual chair. "Kris' mom is a pretty good cook."

"What all did she make?" asked my mom.

I served myself a heap of spinach, rice, and feta cheese and thought back, "Little Greek spinach pies, daal... uh, I dunno, lots of stuff."

"And it wasn't weird, you staying over at her parents' house?" Jared never was one for small talk. Mom gave him a dirty look.

"No," I shook my head. "Well, I mean, of course it was, but normally so. It was weird when Chris stayed over here, too, remember?"

Jared nodded, but pressed on, "Did you sleep on a couch or something?"

"Jared!" mom scolded.

I felt my ears redden. I hadn't realized it had been that big of a deal. Dad was okay with it and Kris' parents were fine also, even joking about it before we went to bed. "No, we shared her bed."

Jared looked about to ask more probing questions, but, seeing my mom's glare, thought better and there was a moment of silence as he mentally reworded the query. "And everything went fine?"

More than fine, I thought. "Of course. I said, no weirdness out of the norm," is what I said instead.

Jared's searching look asked if I had fucked her, if we had been safe, if he would have to help pay for a step-grand-child, but nothing was voiced. Instead he served himself and we ate in silence.

Finally, I spoke up, "So we got the trip all squared away. Going to Winter Park next Thursday."

"Should be fun," mom said cheerily.

Jared grunted.

I wondered if staying up here was a mistake.

"You'll be safe out there alone, you think?" my step-dad asked after a moment.

"Yeah, it'll be fine. There'll be five of us in all. Kris, me, my roommate, and two other guys from my hall. They're all pretty cool."

"Good," mom replied, scooping the last of her food onto her fork, adding before she took the bite. "No drinking or anything stupid like that?"

I laughed and shook my head. "No one's old enough to get alcohol, mom," I replied, lying curtly. "And even if they were, I don't think any of us are into that. Maybe Thomas, but I think he'd rather smoke pot."

"Would you?" Jared asked. "I did once or twice in school."

I shook my head, answering truthfully enough, "Doesn't really interest me, honestly."

Mom nodded approvingly.

I changed the subject eagerly. "Think anyone else around town would need any computer help? At dad's I put up flyers offering support for computers people had gotten for Christmas."

"That's pretty good idea," Jared mumbled. "Probably get a few bites doing that. Kinda makes me wish I knew more about computers."

"Still no luck on the search, then?"

He shook his head. "No one's really hiring around Christmas, but I expect things will start cropping up in the next few weeks. New tax year for lots of people, and all."

I nodded and finished off my rice. "Well, wish you the best of luck. Hopefully I can find something up near school, myself."

Jared nodded and seemed to lose himself in thought.

As I cleared the plates and helped my mom with dinner, I wondered about him. He had been unabashedly supportive of me going out with a girl, which got on my nerves and seemed to affect my mom as well. That all seemed to have shifted in the past few weeks, assuming it wasn't all my imagination. I sighed and scrubbed at the rice pan. This relationship must look like trouble to everyone around me, judging by the way they were reacting. I was left puzzled by the fact that Kris and I were the only two that seemed to take the whole thing in stride.

I shook my head. Too much time spent thinking about the doubts of others and I would start doubting, myself.
Our check in was on Friday afternoon, and the rest of that weekend was to be orientation. Part of the whole deal was for us to do much of the activities in the orientation together as a hall and get to know each other well, what with having to live together for the next two semesters.

The whole hall went to dinner together, along with the other three halls in our wing, in what was a concerted effort to not flood the dining hall with the entire dorm's worth of students at once. The four liberal arts majors sat together again after making their way through the line for pizza and pasta, and the line for drinks. The food was a little disappointing to me, having been brought up on health food under my mom and cooking for myself or going out with my dad. Mark assured us, though, that the our dorm had one of the worst kitchens around, and that if we wanted some better food, there were better kitchens to go to in order to get it.

After dinner, there were some activities at the student center that we were all supposed to attend and supposedly enjoy, though the whole thing wound up being a blur of boredom and I spent more time picking the occasional table of free goodies such as CSU branded pens and cups than I did on the activities laid out for us. Poker and TV had never appealed to me.

I asked Mark if I could leave early and got a shrug in response.

Back at my room, I worked on setting up my computer at the minimal desk we were given. The tower just barely fit under the desk, and if I put it there, I was left with no room for my legs, so it wound up on the corner closest to the windows, where I figured it would block any sunlight from my monitor. The printer sat on one of the shelves beneath it and the shelf below that was able to hold my paper and binders and, I figured, my text books as well. There was only just room on the top of the desk for my monitor --- a battered but usable CRT --- and my keyboard and mouse. The corner closest to the bed had just enough room for my alarm clock.

Cozy, for certain definitions of cozy, I thought. The room was about the size of my room back at home, and I only got half the space.

I set up my pillow and blanket with my head near the desk and feet near the door so I would be close to the alarm clock and could see if anyone came in.

My clothes and laundry basket both fit in my half of the closets, and my small library of books fit fairly well into the three shelves built into the insides of the closet. Unpacked, I decided to check out the bathroom.

One nine one one, and I was in, confronted with a bathroom divided in half. On one side of the dividing wall were the urinals and stalls, and on the other, stalls for showers and a bank of sinks with mirrors. I peeked into one of the shower stalls on a whim and decided my mom was right: the floor was that a gritty concrete painted a sort of blue. Rough enough to provide traction, but smooth enough to clean. I loathed the texture. I'd go pick up some sandals or something as soon as i could figure out where.

The rest of the evening was spent finishing my computer's setup and chatting on the 'net about the first day with a few friends on IRC and high school acquaintainces over IM. I crashed at the early hour of ten or so, setting my alarm for seven.
My computer had been packed into a Corona box given to me by Thomas --- all except the monitor --- and my clothes were packed back into my laundry basket with my trumpet laying packed within the clothing, still inside its case. All of this had been lugged outside to the picnic table near the road at the first call from my mom and I waited with it as she tried to find her way through campus back to my dorm.

Kris and I had dressed bashfully that morning, doing most of it under the covers still as we giggled childishly to each other. Despite the both of us being beet red, there were no feelings of guilt I had come to expect from the First Time. Instead we had gone back to our normal selves, sharing a breakfast in the dining hall and talking as we always had, except perhaps with more smiling.

We had an extended goodbye in the lobby of my hall, promising to call or talk online whenever we could during the break. I felt as though the forced absence meant a bit more too me than it did to Kris, who seemed to just take it in stride, but I kept that to myself. I figured it was an artifact from my previous relationships where time together meant much more.

I saw my mom's blue hatchback turn the corner toward me and slid myself off the picnic table to motion her towards the driveway that ran up to the south doors of my dorm. It was a twenty minute loading zone, but I had my stuff packed into her car in less than twenty seconds, piling into the passenger seat and leaning over to give my mom a hug.

"Hey!" She hugged back fiercely, "Good to see you again!"

I settled back into my seat as she backed out of the short lane. "Good to see you too. How're things going?" I asked.

She shrugged, "Oh, you know, good now that I got my son back."

"Yeah, gonna be a good break."

"Mm. Want to stop for lunch on our way out of town?"

I nodded, giving her directions to get off campus and head toward the noodle restaurant Kris, Erin, Eric and I had gone to on that first double date. My mind raced in the meantime, coming up with possible scenarios, ways to tell my mom about Kris, and discarding them each as quickly as they arose.

We pulled up beside the restaurant just as someone else was pulling away, parking feet from the door. I levered myself from the car and moved to hold the door to the restaurant for my mom, following her in.

We spent a few moments in line, catching up on this and that --- the weather differences between here and home, how the dogs were doing, the break ahead. It wasn't until we'd placed our order and found a booth that we started talking about anything of import.

Of course, my mom jumped in right away, "So, tell me about this guy you mentioned."

I hesitated for a moment brushed my hair from my forehead. Thoughts such as getting a haircut seemed to be trying to push themselves into line for me to say, but I managed to jump ahead of them with, "Well... um, actually, it's a girl."

My mom's eyes went wide and she sat up straighter in the booth, smiling at me. "Really! Well, now you really have to tell me about hi-- her."

Sinking down into the booth a little, I shrugged, "I dunno, it just kind of happened, I guess. I met her in my composition class. Her name's Kris."

A flicker of recognition crossed my mom's face before transforming into a furrow of her brow. "Kris? Like short for Christina? Or Kristen?"

I smiled faintly, "Kristal, though I'm not supposed to ever call her that."

"Well," my mom laughed. "You certainly do keep us on our toes. This is a bit of a surprise, for just a few months away from home."

I nodded. "Is it... I mean, are you okay with this?"

My mom's expression softened. "Of course I am, Cory. Hell, I bet most parents of gay kids would be just thrilled to find out that their child was suddenly in a heterosexual relationship."

We sat back a bit to make room for the server as she set our plates in front of us. Thanking her and each taking a few bites of food.

"It is different," I said after a bit.

My mom nodded, "I bet. You've never really shown any interest in girls before this, so it's a little surprising."

"But okay?"

She laughed, "I already said it was okay. I worry for you a little, but it's certainly okay."

"Worry?" I finished chewing, then continued, "Why?"

"Well, a couple reasons, I suppose." She sat back against the booth and fiddled with her napkin in her lap as if organizing her thoughts. "First of all, isn't it a little soon for a relationship? You had to have just met her."

I nodded, unable to think of a reply.

"And it seems, I don't know, reactionary or something. Like you moved away, and got into a relationship with a girl just to make your life that much more different than it could've been." She thought about that for a moment as she finished off her lunch. "It's not bad, and maybe it'll last for a while." She winced at the choice of words and rushed to add, "With so much working against it, I mean."

I hunched over my half-finished plate of stroganoff and toyed with the noodles and mushrooms. I struggled with my thoughts for a minute or two. Part of me saw that what she was saying was all true; another part was disgusted with the way she had said it; and the hopeless romantic side was rushing to defend the way I felt. "It's funny," I mumbled. "I thought this would be like coming out all over again."

My mom smiled.

"You're right, though." I continued, "It does have a lot working against it, but I dunno, I feel so good where I am, it's hard to look past that to see problems with the relationship."

"Well, it's certainly alright, and I'm happy for you, I really am," my mom patted my hand. "Just... you know I worry about you a lot. Just telling you those worries."

I nodded and ate a little more of my food, though the sobering talk had left me with little appetite. I left the last few bites on the plate and we made our way back out to the car instead. I was suddenly anxious about heading home, wanting to just stay on campus instead, all the places I associated with Kris.

I waited until we were in the car and at the stop light before I voiced a new concern. "How do you think my dad will take it? Or Jared for that matter."

A pained look crossed my mom's face, but she hid it as she turned into a gap in traffic. "Well, you know Jared," she said quietly. "He'll probably be pretty pleased by it. As for your dad... I don't know. I don't think he'll have a problem with it, though. Just don't know how he'll react."

A small flare of anger pulsed in my chest at the thought of Jared. Near the end of summer, my mom had all but said to me that she loved everything about that man except the way he had reacted to me. With their marriage coming right at the beginning of my senior year of high school, I couldn't help but feel as though part of the reason he had decided to delay in proposing to my mom until then had been because I was due to be out of the picture so soon after the fact.

The anger pulsed weakly in my chest before failing, buried under the pensive weight of my thoughts. I watched Fort Collins roll flatly by, diminishing from the tree-filled, slightly backwards town I had grown to enjoy into a dirty landscape of warehouses until we found ourselves on I-25, even the warehouses dying off to leave nothing but a flat expanse of grass.
"Nah, man, that stuff makes me feel stupid," I said, pawing Thomas' poffered joint on towards Kris who plucked it delicately from my roommate's fingers.

"Hope you don't mind, Cor'," she said, relighting the end of the pungent bit of pot, the newly rolled joint glowing red at the flame and releasing a tiny curl of smoke towards the light in our room, which Thomas had covered in a bit of green-tea colored cloth.

I shrugged and propped myself up with my elbows on my bed, handing the 'sploof' on to Kris, which she exchanged for her lighter. "It's cool," I said. "Just don't like it myself. As long as you don't get us all in trouble, I'll be fine."

Nodding distractedly, she huffed out through the sploof. It was an old Mountain Dew bottle stuffed with what appeared to be a cut up sock and a fist-sized clump of fabric softener sheets. The cloud of smoke that puffed out of the hole melted in the bottom of the bottle didn't exactly smell like fresh mountain breezes as advertized, but then, it hardly smelled like much at all, rather than the rather distinct odor of pot smoke.

I knew the ritual; Thomas would pile a towel at the base of the door, smoke up, and then light a stick of Nag Champa for five seconds. Or ten, depending on how stoned he got and how slow that made him count. I'd gotten on him more about the smell of incense than the smell of pot. The stuff bugged my nose.

Kris took another hit or two from the joint before licking her thumb and forefinger and pinching what was left of the cherry on the pot, putting it out with a staccato hiss. The half-smoked stub disappeared into the oboe reed tube that Eric had provided Thomas with (and Thomas had passed on to her) from his double-reed techniques class. That found its way into her backpack and was exchanged for a ten dollar bill, which made its way over to Thomas, who was busy slipping himself into a hoodie that was probably a size or two too small for him.

"Ciao, kids," he mumbled, stumbling over to the door with the rest of his baggie of pot secreted in his back pocket. "See ya... uh... whenever, I guess."

"Have a good night, weekend, whatever period of time," I called after him as the door shut. I shrugged, "Probably won't see him until Monday night."

Kris nodded and crawled onto the bed with me on hands and knees, doing a graceless faceplant into my covers as if she was bowing down to my opera poster. She giggled there, muffled by my comfortor, before nearly a minute. Unable to restrain myself, I gave her a little push on her hip and tipped her over onto my bed where she smiled at me languidly from my bed. "music," she uttered.

I grinned and shook my head, levering myself up enough to hit my spacebar and unpause the sound. Some jazzy, Japanese stuff that Kris had turned me on to melted out of the speakers as languidly as the girl's smile. I turned back to find her tugging here and there at my comforter, searching for the edge of it to pull up over herself. She always got cold when she smoked. I lifted up a bit to tug the blanket from beneath me and threw it over her. She wriggled against the bed and kicked about until her feet found purchase and she slid herself moreunder the cover, leaving only her calves and feet exposed over the edge of the bed.

"Mmf." What appeared to be a head lifted a bit, then fell back down heavily. "Smells like you."

"Gross."

"I know, fuckin' sick, dude." Giggling ensued.

I didn't believe in contact highs until recently. I'd tried pot enough with Thomas and Jamen enough to know that I either freaked out or felt too stupid to enjoy it. Thomas had introduced Kris to it at about the same time, and she had taken to it much more than I had. I still didn't think I really got a contact high from just being around it, but since my moods had started to mirror Kris' so much when she was around, I tended to relax and get a little goofier around her when she was this relaxed and goofy.

I levered myself up off the bed to shut the window against the mid-October chill that was starting to be felt in the room, thinking that I'd be already wearing my jacket up in Steamboat at this time of year. I wound over to the mini-fridge that Thomas had mysteriously procured and offered to share with me and pulled out a beer, one of the few vices I allowed myself in the dorms. Another gift from Thomas, I thought wryly. Clearly, stoners were something to be reviled. Pff. I opened the bottle from my multi-tool before climbing back onto the bed and sitting at the head of it, crosslegged and leaning back against the side of my desk.

"Can you breathe alright under there?" I asked, brushing my foot up over the rounded lump that was probably Kris' head. "Not suffocating in those me-fumes?"

A hand slithered free of the covers and then peeled them back over her head to free it somewhat. "You. Smell like. Pine. Trees." Every word was a sentence, and the whole paragraph was apparently giggle-worthy.

"Thankee," I laughed, drinking down some of my beer and setting it on the corner of my desk. I leaned back to watch as Kris levered herself up off the bed in a way that indicated that she weighed nearly four hundred pounds, clawing her way up the bed. "Hey!" I laughed, ooofing as her hands wound up on my crossed legs and chest, the girl crawling over me a little in order to stretch out a wavering arm and make a desparate grab for my beer, almost tipping it over in the process.

"Thanks, boy," she muttered, taking a swig from the bottle. The swig turned into a few swallows and by the time she came up for air, she had downed almost a half of the bottle. "Chivalry's dead," she huffed, then let out a belch larger than I could ever muster.

"You, my friend, are disgusting." I laughed as she glared at me with crossed eyes. "Drunk and stoned."

"I know," she whined at me and set the beer bottle shakily down on my desk again, sitting up at now. "It's all some ploy for you to get me in bed, I'm sure."

"Dude, I think you got that backwards,"I laughed again. "Besides, you're already in my bed."

She squeezed her eyes shut in my direction and burped at me again. "Yep. Cold."

There was another fuss with the blankets, but she wound up wrapped in them once more, looking to be a navy blue lump, a rocky isle in the middle of the sea of my lighter blue sheets. I giggled as I struggled to extend the metaphore to her head poking free of the blanket, coming up with a much more proportionally accurate vision of Easter Island.

"Laughin' at me," she mumbled and snaked an arm around to pinch at my calf.

"Well, yeah," I grinned, squirming at the pinch.

"Jus' tryin' to get me into bed," she laughed. She repeated herself a lot while stoned.

I rolled my eyes and nodded, not even bothering to correct her a second time.

"Then you won't mind," she said, talking more clearly than she had been.

I looked up curiously just in time for her nose to bump against my own as her lips were mashed to mine in a clumsy sort of kiss.

Surprise made my whole body jerk out of it's half-dazed relaxation into a state of tenseness. I managed to keep myself from making any sort of sound as her face hesitated against my own, my mind already rushing as it struggled with the idea of being kissed by a girl. A girl. Female, short, soft skin, has breasts and a vagina, hardly even the same species. Also, sensitive and prone to taking offense. I tore through corridors of words seeking the ones that would explain how I felt without destroying a friendship and finding none.

I'm sure my lack of response to the gesture tipped her off as to what was going on, though, because Kris settled back away from me, a look of horror on her face as it got redder by the moment. "Oh, God," she breathed, settling back onto her haunches. "Oh, Jeez, I'm sorry, Cory. Fuck..." She scuttled back on the bed, belying her inebriated state, in order to sit at the far end, staring at me for an awkward second before shouting, "Fuck! God damn it." She threw the comforter up over her head and I could see her cross her arms over her knees and bury her forehead against them.

I sat stunned for a moment longer, trying to parse this strange twist in our friendship. I was brought out of my stupor by the sight of Kris' shoulders shaking beneath the folds of the blanket. "No, no, no," I said softly as I crawled across the bed toward the navy lump at the foot of it.

Settling next to the pile of covers and girl, I wrapped my arms around the whole thing as best as I could, hugging around Kris' shoulders and around her knees in an echo of her own arms. "Shh, it's okay," I cooed under my breath. "I just wasn't expecting it." I kept at it for what felt like half an hour but was probably only a few minutes.

A squirm interrupted me. "Cor, let me up. Can't breathe," she said muffledly. I laughed a little nervously and relaxed my grip around her so that she could tug the flap of comforter she'd thrown over her head free and lift her head. She sat there for a few seconds, breathing the cooler air of the room. Her face was dry, but her eyes were a little red and her eyelashes were clumped together, free of make up as always, but damp with tears.

"You alright?" I hazarded.

"'m way stoned," she giggled a little, sniffing noisily afterwards. "Sorry 'gain, bro."

"No, it's okay," I said cautiously. "Guess I over reacted."

"Doofus," she muttered, shifting her weight against me and resting her head on my shoulder. "You didn't react at all. Dunno what I was expecting, kissing gay boys."

I didn't really know what to say, so I just hugged my arms all the tighter around her. All I could think about was that suddenly all her affection towards me in the last month made a lot more sense. Thoughts raced around my in my head

We must've sat there for half an hour or so. Song after song passed through the playlist. Kris straightened out her legs and freed her armsfrom the blanket at one point and I tried to free my own arms, but she held onto my elbow, keeping my arm around her front while her fingers drummed lazily to the beat of the song. Strange as the situation was, she was still stoned, and she'd talked plenty about how awesome this band sounded when she could 'hear so much more.'

I made up my mind when the playlist looped back to the beginning and tried to speak. Finding my throat totally devoid of moisture, I swallowed a few times before mustering up, "Kris, I... well, you know I'm not angry with you or anything and--"

She cut me off by shaking her head and leaning away from me somewhat. "No, don't want your platitudes. Or whatever." She mumbled on, "Not the right word. Don't want your... stuff."

"No, Kris, I'm not trying to give platitudes--"

"No 'pologies, then." She looked stubborn and tired.

Desperate to get it out before I lost my nerve, I raised my voice. "Kristal god damn Careen, I fucking liked it."

"No-- what?" She stiffled a laugh, "You suck at cussing."

We stared at each other for a moment or two before I leaned in to place another, more delicate kiss on her lips, very belatedly returning her gesture.

She softened up after only a second of contact, and we each relaxed against the other, holding the contact for a few seconds before leaning back against the wall.

"You suck," she muttered, smiling as she did so. She levered my arms from around her and kneaded her hands against my shoulder much like a cat on a favorite blanket, pushing me over onto my side before slinking up along the bed to spoon against me rather decisively, giving me little choice.

I laughed a little, but stayed tense, arms held still and awkward.

"I hate you." Then, "Hold me, you dork."
Kris' parents, Kris, and I sat around their kitchen table drinking coffee later the next day. While certainly coherent enough to get us both down to Boulder, I couldn't shake a lingering tiredness from the night before, even with a pot of coffee.

"So how was moving out?" Kris' mom asked.

"Kinda dumb," Kris answered, hands wrapped around her coffee, which appeared to be more milk than coffee. "Just had to pack everything up and throw a bunch of food crap away since we were going to be gone so long. Found a bunch of cookies my roommate had sequestered in the fridge from the dining hall."

Her dad laughed and shook his head, "They make you move out for a month, huh? How do they deal with the out of state kids, or foreign kids?"

I piped up for that one, "I think they strongly encourage them to find someone in town willing to let them sleep on a couch for the month. A lot of the international kids are in Braiden, one of the dorms, though, and only one of the wings, so they may leave that one open."

He nodded and sipped at his coffee, leaning back in his chair and crossing his hands over his belly. "Sounds like a bunch of crap," he rumbled. "We spent all that time and money trying to get rid of you guys. We don't want you back."

We laughed and spent a few moments in silence before Kris' mom asked, "So, how are you two going to deal with this whole month apart?"

I felt my ears redden as I shrugged. I had been wondering if this question would come up ever since they had invited me in when I dropped Kris off. "My mom's in Steamboat and my dad's in Colorado Springs, I figure I can find a route between the two that includes Boulder as a stop..." I managed, looking more at my fingers holding my coffee cup than my girlfriend's parents.

Kris seemed just as embarassed as I was, but after a few more moments of awkward silence, she added, "We were thinking... wondering if maybe we could meet up with a bunch of friends somewhere in the mountains. Get a hotel suite or a condo for a night or two..."

Watching for a reaction, I saw a hint of a smile creep onto the corners of Kris' father's mouth, and I wondered about the stories he had told Kris about his own college days. "Well, I suppose," he mumbled thoughtfully. "We'll have to think about it."

Kris glanced at me out of the corner of her eyes and gave a tiny shrug. Her father rumbled into laughter again, "Calm down, you two, nothing serious." He shook his head, "I don't know what you did, Cory, to make Kristal just as nervous as you."

I smiled faintly and took a sip of coffee, "It was an accident, I promise."

He laughed again and reached out to rub Kris' arm. She was almost beet red, but looked like she was stiffling a smile, sticking her tongue out at her dad to cover it.

Kris' mom gave her father a Significant Look before nodding to me and smiling, "We'll talk about it, dear. I would think it'd be alright, so long as you all are safe. You are theoretically adults, after all."

Everyone chuckled and there was polite conversation until I realised that it was only dragging on until I finished my coffee and left. I drank more quickly and downed my coffee in the space of a few sentences, setting my mug down with finality. "Well, I suppose I better get going. Still a bit of a drive."

As if on my cue, everyone set down their coffee and nodded. We all stood up together as everyone rushed to escort me to the door. After a flurry of goodbyes at the door, Kris' parents ducked back inside to do whatever it is that parents do when their daughter's saying goodbye to her boyfriend.

"They're probably spying on us," Kris said, smiling faintly. "Shouldn't be too... uh, mushy."

I felt the ache in my chest as I realized how much I would miss her, but I smiled back and shook my head. "Just this," i hugged her too my chest and gave her a light kiss, little more than a prolonged peck on the lips.

She giggled bashfully and draped her hands over my shoulders, "I'll miss you, dork. Call, write, visit, whatever."

I nodded and grinned, "Will do. Month's a long time, after all. Hopefully things will work out with that party thing. Gonna get in touch with Erin and whomever else?'

"Yeah. You get Eric and Jamen and anyone else you think might be interested." She smiled and snuck in another kiss. "You probably should get going."

I nodded again and smiled, giving Kris a bit of a squeeze before stepping away from her. "Alright," I murmured, smiling as much as I could manage. "I'll talk to you soon."

Kris nodded and crossed her arms over her chest against the chill. I watched in my rear view mirror as she stood on the stoop and watched at least until I turned the corner.
"Is this...? Yeah, this has to be it." My mom muttered.

I jerked my head up from where I was half-dozing against the window at the words. Blinking at the light, I looked around. From the time I had spaced out an hour or so before, the landscape had changed from brownish scrublands of Wyoming to the tan plains east of the Rockies that I knew from the drives to band camp. That had always been my dad's deal, and this was only my mom's second time driving to Fort Collins.

"Yeah, take this one," I yawned. Rubbing at my face, I struggled towards wakefulness. I fumbled around and found the second half of my coffee, long cold by now, and finished it with a grimmace. "Hopefully the places here have better coffee than this."

"Can't have you without your coffee," my mom laughed. "Good dreams?"

"Nah, wasn't sleeping."

"Mmhm. Do you always drool when you're not sleeping?"

"Sure," I mumbled. "That's what spit valves are for."

She laughed and steered her way towards campus. I guided her through the move-in day traffic onto the campus and toward the dorms, letting her interrupt me as patiently as I could with her outbursts of drumming the steering wheel while sing-songing, "This is exciiiiitiiiiing!"

Following the crowds, we made it to the south end of campus slowly and pulled up along the side of the street with the other cars disgorging students and stuff.

"Glad we made it here early," I mumbled. There were already twenty or so other families unpacking along the stretch of road, and more were visible in the parking lots on either side of the building. Looking over the bent 'H' shaped dorm and trying to count rooms, I grimmaced at the thought of that many families trying to move their children in at once. No, I corrected myself, that many times two, what with the whole roommate thing.

Before unpacking anything, my mom and I made our way around one wing of the building toward the lobby. We stopped to pick up my key and get directions to the room itself. Walking along the hallway to the wings, my mom was bouncing on the balls of her feet, poking fun at me for being more excited than I was.

"I'm excited, I promise. Just dreading the common restrooms."

"Aw," she jibed. "They're not that bad, I promise. Just have to get used to it. And schedule your showers for when the least amount of people are in there. And wear sandals when you do."

"Thanks mom, you fill me with confidence."

"I aim to please," she shot back.

The doors to the southwest wing on the second floor were propped open and standing just inside was a man who looked to be in his late twenties who introduced himself as Mark, the RA for the hall.

"Small!" my mom blurted as we were shown to my room. Both Mark and I laughed as we followed her in, but I had to agree with her. The far wall was taken up by a bank of picture windows, and opposite that was a bank of closets, split into two sets, one for each person, I supposed. Other than that, the room was a bit drab and depressing. The two empty walls were tan brick, though each one was partially obscured with a cork-board painted an institutional sort of off-white. Along each of those walls was a long twin bed and a wooden desk that looked functional enough, though instead of drawers, the side of the desk held shelf space. Addict that I was, I was already mentally fitting my printer onto one of those shelves and my computer down by my feet. Tight fit.

It looked all the more shabby for how empty it was: my roommate had yet to show up.

I buried my sense of disappointment about the room under the activity of moving my stuff from the car to the room, one armload at a time, with my mom. She had made me clean out my whole room at home and throw away, give away, or sell as much as I could stand to, promising that it would be better, and after lugging only my computer, a laundry basket of clothes and bedding, and a few loads of books into the room, I had to agree with her forecast. In the process of cleaning out my rooms at my mom's and dad's, I was exposed to just how much junk one person could have.

When we finished getting everything stacked on my bed, we made our way back to the car to make way for another family while we went out to lunch.

"Well, your RA seems nice," mom quipped on the winding drive off campus. "Mine, when I lived in the dorms, was a big priss. She was useless as an RA, so we just pretended we didn't actually have one."

"Yeah, he was cool," I replied distractedly, pointing her towards a little mexican restaurant I had found in my last year of band camp.

After a pregnant pause, my mom asked, "So, when are you going to come out to him?"

"I'll get around to it," I sighed. "It's not that big of a deal to me; I mean, it is normal for me. I think if I act that way, others will see it as normal, too."

Mom nodded hesitantly.

We made our way inside and ordered our food, taking our burritos and drinks to a booth out of the way near the back of the restaurant.

"I don't mean to be such a worrywort," my mom began, and I knew that was a disclaimer that more worrying was on the way. "But I just think that it's something you need to worry about a little yourself. In high school, it doesn't mean as much because you're not living with those people, and the teachers are pretty much required by law to be okay with it. They can't show it if they're not, I mean."

"Well, sure, but I'd like to think that since I'm going to a school the size of the town I grew up in, that I'd get a little anonymity from that," I countered. "Sure I live with these people, but it's only for this year. And besides, I can sort of... keep things down low, know what I mean? I can wait to meet people and see how they are before I go about being openly gay. Hell, I waited for fourteen years, trying to figure out how you guys would react before I mentioned it to my own parents."

Mom laughed around her bite of food and nodded, pausing to swallow before continuing. "I know I should trust you more, but it's my job to worry. Highschool went pretty smoothly for you, especially once you started doing so well in band, but that's not to say that the same thing will happen here. Just saying."

We finished in silence before making our way back out to the car, my mom tapping the "Now Hiring" sign taped up next to the door and raising her eyebrows at me. "You should think about this, Cory. You know we kind of had to skimp on your meal plan a bit, so you should probably think about getting a job pretty soon to get some food for yourself."

I nodded as I slid into the passenger seat again, "Hopefully the market's a little better out here than it was in Steamboat. I'd prefer to avoid working at Subway again."

"Yeah, that wasn't exactly your dream job, was it?"

"I worry for those who dream of working at Subway. Anyway, let's check out this Old Town thing before I have to get back for yet another campus tour. Get to see the town before I'm buried under homework and classwork."

As we drove up north to seek a parking spot near the long row of shops that was Old Town, I worked to reconcile my mom's worries with my lack of them. I just hoped it would be as easy as it was in my imagination.
It turned out that there were still quite a few people flumoxed by those newfangled computer things that people seemed to go on about. Purchasing one had proved to be quite an adventure and, despite the promises made by salesmen at every location, they weren't quite as easy to set up as anticipated.

Another hundred dollars found its way into my pocket by means of five hour long lessons given across the town. One person had already called the service branch of a well known store in order to have them come out to her house to fix her computer, but they had just messed it up further. On the plus side, the machine was still under warranty and the visit didn't cost anything. Unfortunately, that warranty carried little weight after that visit, and so I had been called.

Despite the money I had made, I was under no illusions of continuing to make it at the same pace. Most all of that cash had come straight from people who needed help with their new Christmas presents, and I knew such things would taper off. I was honestly surprised to make as much as I did. Of course, tempting as the money was, I felt that I would likely hang myself before I went into tech support as a profession.

And I still had a week to go until the party.

I decided I'd rather spend my time relaxing for the rest of the break and drove around town tearing down all of the signs I had posted and finally stopping off at the bank to deposit the cash into my checking account. Debit cards were much easier than a fist full of twenties, at least for myself.

Once home, of course, I was confronted with Jared. He seemed to alternate between watching TV, ripping through the classifieds of various newspapers, and surfing the internet. Sometimes, of course, I'd find him watching TV shows on the internet with a paper strewn over his keyboard and desk. While I applauded him on his efficiency, he was decidedly uncomfortable to be around, so after feeding the dogs, I slipped back into my room and sprawled next to the computer on the floor, shaking the mouse and waiting for the aged CRT to click to life.

I took down my away status on both IRC and my instant messenger client, taking a few minutes to scroll through backlogged messages on the former and seeing who was online in the latter. It was enough to make me doubt my choice of leaving the rest of my break open, and I cursed my relatively remote location in keeping me from possible meetups and all sorts of action.

Resigned to watching music videos on the internet and reading webpage after countless webpage, I pulled my pillow and blanket down from the bed to make something of a nest for myself there on the floor.

My third music video was interrupted by a an instant message popping up and covering a portion of the singer's face. I reached for the mouse in my usual reaction to minimize the window to allow me to finish the video but hesitated when I skimmed over the message.

ARAMANTH: Hey, Cory. Jamen.

I blinked away boredom and couldn't help but smile. I let the video continue in the background, moving the conversation window over to the side so that I could keep an eye on both.

CORYROC: Oh, hey! What's up?

ARAMANTH: Not a whole lot. Just being lazy, I guess. You?

CORYROC: About the same.

CORYROC: How'd you get my s/n?

ARAMANTH: It's on facebook, duh :oP

CORYROC: Crap. Almost forgot I was on that.

ARAMANTH: *laughs*

ARAMANTH: Excited about the trip?

CORYROC: Thrilled. Gonna be a boring wait until then, for sure.

ARAMANTH: I know what you mean. Alamosa's not really a very thrilling town.

CORYROC: Yeah, neither is Steamboat, especially when it's so expensive to ski.

ARAMANTH: *laughs* Yeah.

ARAMANTH: So anyway, I figured I'd message you to ask a favor.

CORYROC: Sure, anything.

ARAMANTH: I don't know if I'll have enough to both drive diagonally across the state and pay for the room. Think you could help out some.

CORYROC: Oh! Of course.

CORYROC: What would work best?

ARAMANTH: Well, you live in the Springs, right?

CORYROC: Some of the time yeah. In Steamboat now.

ARAMANTH: Oh.

CORYROC: Why, what were you thinking?

ARAMANTH: *shrugs* Well, I was hoping I could just drive over to the Springs and catch a ride with you from there to Winter Park.

CORYROC: Oh, that should be fine. I can head down to my dad's on Monday or something, and just spend some time there until you come over.

ARAMANTH: You sure that's alright?

CORYROC: Of course :) I'm pretty eager to get out of this place, anyway. Step-dad's driving me nuts.

ARAMANTH: You're telling me. I need to get away from my family something awful.

CORYROC: Its enough to make one want to go back to school sooner.

ARAMANTH: No kidding.

CORYROC: So how've you been, anyway?

ARAMANTH: Well, aside from parents, alright. Bored. Couldn't get any seasonal job so I've just been sitting around on the internet mostly. My parents think I'm researching a project for next semester.

CORYROC: I assume you're not? :P

ARAMANTH: Hell no. Give myself more work? That goes counter to the artist's creed!

CORYROC: Haha, of course.

ARAMANTH: Besides, it's better that they think that than find out I'm talking to others.

CORYROC: Not too keen on the internet, are they?

ARAMANTH: No, definitely not.

ARAMANTH: They're afraid I'll meet someone who will turn out to be a rapist or something.

CORYROC: Oh. Yeah, had to break my parents of that assumption pretty early.

ARAMANTH: I wish I could, man.

CORYROC: Good thing I'm not a rapist, then.

ARAMANTH: *laughs* No, I didn't figure you to be one.

CORYROC: Good :P

ARAMANTH: You're gay, though, so it wouldn't make a difference to my parents.

CORYROC: Aw. I guess I'm bi, but I guess that wouldn't matter, would it?

ARAMANTH: Oh yeah. Still just as bad. Worse, 'cause they think that means you're just a gay guy who rapes girls too.

CORYROC: Jesus..

ARAMANTH: Sorry :oP Probably more than you really needed to know.

CORYROC: No, it's alright. I just didn't know.

CORYROC: Don't know anything about your life at home, so it's kind of interesting to hear if nothing else.

ARAMANTH: *nods*

CORYROC: So your parents are really that homophobic?

ARAMANTH: Yeah. Makes me wish I was back up at school.

CORYROC: So, uh.. no offense or anything, but are you gay?

ARAMANTH: *nods*

CORYROC: Oh, alright.

ARAMANTH: Sorry. I kind of led the discussion there.

CORYROC: Hmm?

ARAMANTH: Well, it's easier to just answer truthfully when someone asks than to come out.

CORYROC: Oh.

CORYROC: Yeah, I know how it goes.

CORYROC: So do your parents know, then?

ARAMANTH: They did.

ARAMANTH: I told them it was just a phase.

CORYROC: Ah, alright. So they think you're straight now, then?

ARAMANTH: *nods* Better that than the alternative with some people.

CORYROC: I guess, yeah.

ARAMANTH: I envy you with having found Kris.

CORYROC: Well

CORYROC: I wasn't really planning on it.

CORYROC: Besides, my situation at home is quite a bit different from yours.

ARAMANTH: Yeah. Parents a little more cool with it.

CORYROC: Mom and dad were, yeah. Step-dad not so much.

ARAMANTH: Ah.

CORYROC: Yeah, he was pretty happy about Kris.

ARAMANTH: How did your parents deal, then?

CORYROC: Heh, strange. It was almost like coming out all over again.

ARAMANTH: How so?

CORYROC: My mom worried that.. uh.. that it was just a phase from me moving to school.

ARAMANTH: Oh, heh.

ARAMANTH: And your dad?

CORYROC: It was almost the same as when I came out.

CORYROC: Though I think he was a little excited about possibly having grand children.

ARAMANTH: Yeah.

ARAMANTH: That was a big problem with my parents. Any relationship that didn't lead to kids was just wrong.

CORYROC: I'm sorry, man :/

ARAMANTH: Nah, it's cool. that's why I went to the other side of the state for school.

ARAMANTH: Anyway, I really am happy for you and Kris.

CORYROC: Thanks :)

ARAMANTH: It was kind of strange for me to hear that you could be going out with a girl.

CORYROC: How so?

CORYROC: Have anything to do with what we talked about earlier in the semester?

ARAMANTH: *nods*

ARAMANTH: Sorry again about that.

CORYROC: No problem.

ARAMANTH: So the whole story is that my parents found his phone number and looked it up, then called his parents to tell his.

CORYROC: Jesus..

ARAMANTH: Yeah..

ARAMANTH: Then he got stuck in aversion therapy.

ARAMANTH: My parents were going to do the same, but I told them it was only a phase and found a girl willing to be a cover-up girlfriend for me.

CORYROC: Ack, was wondering who you were talking about before.

CORYROC: That's pretty crazy :/ They left you alone after that?

ARAMANTH: For the most part, yeah. They watched me pretty close until college.

CORYROC: They're not watching now, are they?

ARAMANTH: No, they suck at computers, and are out for the day anyway.

ARAMANTH: Besides, they're more worried about my sister now. She's starting to go after boys now, and they're worried she'll have premarital sex or something.

CORYROC: So they're pretty christian?

ARAMANTH: Yeah. I was for a while. Kind of stopped believing when I was twelve or so.

ARAMANTH: Kept going to church because I had no choice with parents and such. Didn't make me any more of a believer.

CORYROC: I suppose it wouldn't.

CORYROC: Both my parents are pretty liberal. We went to church for easter twice before they decided it wasn't worth it for me.

CORYROC: Then they got devorced and gave up on the religion thing.

ARAMANTH: *nods*

ARAMANTH: It's always strange to hear about families different from my own.

CORYROC: Yeah, sounds like it was pretty rough for you.

ARAMANTH: I guess.

ARAMANTH: I love my parents, and they love me. They just have different ideas for how I should live my life.

CORYROC: Well, I think you turned out pretty nice :)

ARAMANTH: *laughs* Thanks :o)

CORYROC: So how'd you convince them to let you go to the party?

ARAMANTH: Told them the truth.

ARAMANTH: Working with my partner on this art project.

ARAMANTH: :o)

CORYROC: Heheh, awesome :)

ARAMANTH: Anyway, they'll probably be back pretty soon, so I should get going.

CORYROC: Alright. Hey, it was good to talk to you.

ARAMANTH: Definitely. Don't think I could've said any of that to your face.

CORYROC: Well, I'm glad you did, even if online.

ARAMANTH: Me too :o)

ARAMANTH: See ya, man.

CORYROC: See ya.

The music video was long stopped so, as Jamen's icon flicked to grey as he logged off, I lingered long enough only to switch to the next video in line before rolling onto my back in my little next. Nothing like having to reevaluate everything you knew about one of your friends, I thought. Made me realize just how good I had it.
"'Sup, druggie," Kris jibed, elbowing me in the ribs as she accelerated to walk next to me. With less than a week before finals, we had made a study date at one of the local coffee houses off campus.

"Yeesh, nice to see you too, stoner," I shot back.

She laughed and threaded her hand through my arm as I leaned over to kiss her on the temple. "At least I like innocuous drugs that don't do a whole lot."

"They certainly make you goofy."

"Yeah," She rolled her eyes. "But I don't see things on pot."

I nodded, "True, I guess. I didn't really see anything on Salvia, though, either." I went on to explain the whole experience, from being eaten by the bed to ego-death.

"Sounds, well, unpleasant," Kris frowned, kicking bits of snow into Laurel Street, the northern border of campus, as we strolled along the sidewalk.

"Yeah, it kinda was," I mumbled, recalling the terror. "But... I don't know. It was scary, but it was a respectful kind of fear. Still trying to digest the whole thing," I trailed off.

"Respectful fear?" She sounded incredulous.

"Yeah. Like it could've easily destroyed me, but showed me something beautiful instead."

Kris was silent for a little bit, eventually leaning her head on my shoulder briefly. "To be honest, none of what you said sounds beautiful."

I laughed. "I suppose not. Beautiful in the way that a volcano or lightening is, I guess." I struggled for words, coming up with, "Like, watching the concept of myself dissolving was as terrifying as real death, but it also made me feel more... connected, I guess. I still feel kind of that way."

"Connected? Now you sound like a Boulder hippie."

"Hah! Well, I hope I never get to be that bad. I just mean that compared to how I used to feel and act, everything seems more connected. I'm not as insular anymore."

Kris snorted a laugh. "Insular. Weird, boy. How does a drug make you all that more connected?"

I felt my ears redden and a bit of indignation rise in my chest, as if I had a sudden need to be believed and taken seriously. I quelled the feelings, doing my best to keep Kris' sense of humor in mind. "I think the drug showed me just how much I saw everyone else as a projection of myself, and now I have to try to fix that and see people for who they really are."

"Ain't that life," Kris said, smiling. She squeezed my arm in her hand before stuffing it into her hoodie's monopocket with the other to warm it against the chill. "So what part of your self did you see me as a projection of?"

"Oh, hell, I don't know," I laughed. "The funny part? The good looking part? Maybe the feminine aspect?"

She shouldered me into the post of the stoplight. "Flatterer. Come on, let's cross."

The coffee house was a second-story affair that labeled itself as 'The Alley Cat Open 24hrs.' and, despite her apparent dislike of Boulder hippies, the place rather looked like it belonged to one of them. The ceiling tiles were each painted by, it looked like, random people ranging in ability from what looked to be kindergardeners to professionals. The countertop was covered with sheet copper that looked like it had been polished with espresso and steel wool, while the parquet seemed to have been polished more by dirty shoes and approximately five hundred years time. The barista working behind the counter seems to have considered herself a human canvas, and I judged her to be seventy percent tattoo.

"This place is amazing," I announced. Kris and the barista laughed.

"What can I get for you two?"

"White-mocha-for-here," Kris said, pronouncing her order as one word as if she practiced ordering coffee drinks fairly regularly.

"Coffee, I guess."

I was instructed that there were, in fact, three types of coffee served in two sizes, and that wasn't counting the fact that I could order their iced coffee hot in either of the two sizes if I so desired. If I wanted, of course, any of these could be spiked with a shot of espresso. Or I could get an americano if I liked the taste of espresso but just wanted it in coffee strength

I leaned heavily against the counter under the weight of the decision. "Oh man..." I breathed. "You guys are my heroes. Um... I guess I'll try a small house coffee to start with."

The barista laughed and nodded, totalling the order up for me to pay while Kris went to find a table, no two of which looked to be the same. I watched as my coffee was ground to order and made in a porceline drip maker I had never really seen before. Still overwhelmed with the reality of such a coffee shop, I picked up my drink and wandered down along the bar, eyes glazing over at the stacks of jarred tea and the hulk of the coffee devices --- water heater, drip coffee grinder, espresso grinder, espresso machine, two blenders, and two fridges. I decided it would be heaven to work here.

"Cor, over here." Kris beckoned me over to a table on the other half of the building and I made my way over in a daze. The table was a sort of bile yellow colored laminate with aluminum sides, furnished with one green kitchen chair and one grey upholstered chair of the type one would find in a hotel convention room. "Gawking around?"

"This place is awesome," I reaffirmed with conviction.

She laughed and, once I sat down, gave one of my hands a squeeze, "Cute. You're right, too, this place is awesome."

I shook my head in amazement before setting my backpack down on the floor and pulling out my theory book. "Have to come here more often. I need to make my way through their coffee menu."

"You know, I think you had it wrong," Kris said, pulling out some of her own books. "I think I'm your simpler side, the calmer side."

I snorted, "Simpler, maybe, but I don't know about calmer."

"Less caffeinated, then," she countered, to which I had no argument.

The hiss of the steamer on the espresso machine was followed a scant ten seconds later with our tattooed coffee mistress setting a bowl of a coffee cup down in front of Kris. The contents looked mild and frothy and through some trick of pouring, the barista had drawn what looked to be a leaf in the foam by way of pouring carefully. Thusly served, we set to work.

I made it halfway through trying to memorize chord classifications before I realized I was spending more time staring off into space and thinking than I was studying. I shifted to lean back more comfortably in my chair and slid the theory book down into my lap so that it rested back against the metalic edge of the table, giving up on writing so that I could just read, sipping at my coffee in a vain attempt to snap myself out of it and get more on task.

The more I thought about it, the more I realized that Kris was right. I think she did represent a simpler side of life to me. She seemed to focus mostly on enjoying herself, which was why she had picked the major she did. Her choice had left her with her time reading what she enjoyed rather than, like me, tromping in lockstep with hundreds of other instrumentalists playing stupid music for a stupid game while dressed in stupid outfits. Her family life had been simple, while mine involved divorces and step parents and a long drive. Not that I faulted my parents or felt at fault myself, simply that Kris' life always seemed a lot simpler.

And, of course, there loomed ever on the horizon that a heterosexual relationship would be simpler than a homosexual relationship by far. Not, of course, the actual relationship between me and Kris, but with the way the world dealed with it.

I frowned and flipped to the next section in my theory book, scanning over the text with a divided mind. No, the free part thought, things hadn't exactly been simpler. My feelings for Kris had caused all sorts of backlash in various subtle ways from parents and friends.

And from yourself, a part of me added. All this worrying seemed to be part of the package deal of going out with someone outside of what myself and everyone had expected of me. All the fears of being too gay to be in a straight relationship still burned inside of me despite all of my logical and emotional reasoning to counter them. Every time I had pictured myself settling down with Kris in however unrealistic a situation, a doubt would always burn away at the edges of the image; a doubt that I could ever be able to fully settle down with a girl and live up to all of the expectations that I figured would come with it.

I was brought out of my reverie by a kick to the shin from across the table. "Cor," Kris grinned. "You studying?"

I smiled and hefted my theory book.

"I know, but you were staring at the wall."

Caught in my daydreaming, I grinned sheepishly and shrugged, reaching for my coffee, which surprised me by being rather cool. I had smoked the Salvia on Sunday and despite it being now Tuesday, I still noticed that time and I seemed to be rather out of sync for the past few days. "Just thinking," I mumbled, finishing off my coffee quickly.

Kris folded her book in her lap and sipped at the last of her own drink, "Tell me about it?"

"Just a sec, and I will." I slid the theory book back up onto the table and took my cup with me to procure more coffee; I went for the darkest of the three drip-coffee options this time.

When I returned, Kris had closed her book around her notebook to hold her place and was leaning forward, chin on fist, as she examined the paintings on the wall, all of which seemed to be done by the same person. I figured the shop acted as something of a gallery as well. She smiled at me when I sat back down, saying, "So, what's up?"

I slouched in my chair again and rested my coffee against my belly, using the slight bit of weight I had added to my already stocky body from eating so much dorm food as a bit of a shelf. "Just about what you said, about being my simpler side."

"How so?"

"Well," I shrugged. "I guess you're right, I was sort of projecting what I thought of as simple onto you."

She screwed up her face, "Oh, thanks."

"Not that way," I added in exasperation. "Just, like... my ideal of a simpler life less complicated by everything, I suppose."

Kris nodded and brushed her foot up alongside my calf. "Hmm. I guess I could see that. Like being with a girl?"

The question felt loaded, but I nodded anyway, quickly explaining, "I might've thought so a few months ago, but I don't think that's really the case anymore. Not after Jamen and my parents and all that stuff with myself even."

"Oh, so I'm difficult, then?" she laughed.

"Yes, very much so," I smirked, shaking my head. "Nah, I think things are just as complicated as they always are with relationships. Gender doesn't enter into it for most of it."

Kris thought for a moment. She seemed to be picking her questions carefully. "Are there things where gender does enter into it?"

"Well, of course, considering I lived for four years as a gay guy and after having a few relationships, suddenly decide to go out with a girl. Like how I got all nervous and stuff." I hastened to add, "Which I don't think is that big of a problem anymore."

"No?"

"Well, not really. I mean, I still have some doubts sometimes, but they don't really mean anything. I still like you, after all, and," I lowered my voice, "sex isn't really an issue, it seems."

Kris laughed and gave me another kick to the shin, leaning forward to rest her arms on the table, "I'm not trying to talk you into a corner, really. You sound so desparate for me to believe you."

I grinned and lowered my head a little, sipping at my coffee.

"I do believe you," she smiled. "If that's what you need to hear me say."

"Well, I didn't really need to hear anything, was just talking to fill the space after you asked," I leaned forward as well so that I could brush a few fingertips over her arms. "Of course, it doesn't hurt to hear that."

Kris smiled down at her empty cup and at my gesture before straightening up. "Come on. You can slack off, but I need to study."
Kris and I pooled our resources. Kris had a joint and a half, I had half the bottle of Gin left, plus a beer. Our combined monetary assets were a handful of bills totaling fifteen dollars and seventy eight cents (three pennies courtesy of the bottom of Kris' backpack --- I only ever kept quarters). By our powers combined, we were going to make the most of our Wednesday night. After all, I would drive Kris back down to her parents' the next day on my way to my Dad's.

"A walk is necessary," Kris anounced, grandiose. "A journey, if you will."

"Would you perhaps be willing to call it a mighty journey?" I hazarded.

Kris rewarded me with my jacket, which I slipped into. The warmth of a shot of gin, 'preloading' she had called it, made the coat seem almost superfluous, but there was a fresh four inches of snow on the ground. "Well," she looked thoughtful. "I suppose Old Town could be considered mighty. Yes, then. A mighty journey."

I laughed and followed her out of the room. "What are we going to find in Old Town that we can get for fifteen and change?"

Kris slowed her strides somewhat to let me catch up as I worked on zipping up my jacket. "I dunno," she said cheerfully. "Something. Just want to get a last look at the place so I can go home and feel superior about Pearl Street."

"Aw, come on, Old Town's not that bad. They practically have the same shops on them, the only difference is that there are cars on College."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Guess we all gotta have goals."

Kris laughed and pinched me in the side, "Hey, at least I can get from one side of the street to the other without fearing for my life or waiting for twenty minutes."

"True, true."

"Girl's gotta be proud of where she comes from."

I shook my head, "You can't talk like that. You're a very, very white neohippie."

Kris pinched me again, harder this time. "Pot. Kettle. Black."

The banter continued as we made our way out of the dorm and up across campus. It was hard not to feel light and goofy. Gin not withstanding, the lack of finals hanging over our heads was making us giddy, and the air being cold enough to burn the back of our throats did little to dampen our spirits. We just walked faster.

"Oh my God!" Kris dragged me to a stop only half a block north of campus. "Calzones!"

There was no arguing with calzones, so we dined on folded-up pizza and drinks, which left us with only a couple of dollars left. We huddled over our cardboard boxes of food, sitting around a polyurethane slab that appeared to have some wood in the middle, an adequate substitutde for a table. We took turns kicking each other's shins beneath the table and giggling at each other over the lids of the boxes which sat propped up in front of us like Battleship sets. Pepperoni had never tasted so good.

Emboldened by gin, full of cheese and starch, we made our way back out into the night and trudged back north, bumping into each other every now and then as our steps just happened to line up wrong (or right). We passed restaurants cheap and expensive, all starting to fill up with equally excited students. A block or two later and we started passing bars, already packed to the brim with the older students, just as excited and much drunker. Kris mimicked the various types of drunkards for me, and I laughed as she procured looks of disdain or amusement from passers by.

When that entertainment wore thin, we walked silently holding hands and weaving around countless others on the sidewalks.

Our warmth started to leak away by the time we reached the northern end of the street mall, and my patience with the crowds was beginning to wane. We turned west instead of directly south and walked a block in that direction before heading back to the campus. Someone had wisely planned a major railroad line down the middle of this one way street, as well as through campus, a fact which made me late for class on more than one occasion as I waited for a train to pass. Now, it just enforced a few minutes more of silence for Kris and I as a train blared, then rumbled past, a comet shaped noise trailing off as the train passed.

"So," Kris said when we could speak again.

I nodded sagely, "So."

Her grip on my hand tightened briefly before she tugged free and pocketted the hand. "What are we going to do with a month?"

"I'm not sure. Gonna try to do odd computer jobs for cash in the Springs and Steamboat, hopefully find a way between the two that has Boulder as a midpoint."

Kris nodded and tucked her chin down so that she could push the lower half of her face into her scarf. "Can get us a few days together that way, I bet."

"Yeah. Probably not as much as either of us were hoping for."

She shook her head.

"You're welcome to come visit either place, too," I murmurred, mind already tripping over the logistics of that. "Though that may be kind of weird."

"Parents?"

I nodded, "Unfortunately."

We walked quietly again, watching a horde of bicyclists swerve and waver down the street going the wrong way.

"What about a party?" I quipped.

"Hmm?"

"Well, I mean, we've got mutual friends. Eric and Erin. Jamen, maybe Joseph. Probably a couple of others. We could all get together somewhere, try to convince parents that we're reasonable and logical enough to spend a weekend in a hotel at a ski resort or something. Make it into a party or something."

Kris brightened up, "That could work, if we can somehow combine enough money for it."

"Well," I shrugged. "I've got a credit card I've used twice or so, I guess we could put it on that, so long as everyone pays us back. I think most people get money for Christmas, now that they're in college. At least, that's all I ask for."

Kris laughed and goose-stepped to try to show me her shoes, "I need more of these, better for walking. S'what I asked for."

I laughed, "Fair enough. Think your parents would go for that sort of thing?"

She shrugged, "My dad will be all gung-ho about it, and I think it'll be pretty easy to convince my mom."

"Cool, cool. My dad will be all for it, dunno about my mom. I can beg and beg, I suppose."

"You'd better!" Kris laughed, elbowing me. "I want to see you in some context other than walking around Boulder."

"Ah hell, even if it doesn't pan out, I promise that's not all we'll do. We can go see movies and stuff. So long as they're matinees."

Kris rolled her eyes, "So we can catch all the field trips and old people."

"I know! Won't it be romantic?"

She laughed and leaned against me as we walked, two blocks to go until we got onto campus again. "So where were you thinking we could have this party thing?"

"Oh, I dunno. One of the less expensive ski areas, I guess, or close by. I know a few places in Steamboat, but that might be too far of a drive. I guess we could do it in other places, too, like Denver or wherever. Just get a hotel room somewhere."

"Yeah. I mean, I didn't expect that we'd be going out to a ski area to ski, really." She shrugged, "I've only ever gone once or twice before. I sucked at it."

I grinned, "Aw, it'd be fun. I can ski backwards. Could give you lessons skiing in front of you like that."

"That sounds disgustingly cute. Not sure how I feel about it."

"We all need somebody to lean on," I warbled.

She snickered and freed her hand to hug onto my arm, giving it a squeeze. "Shut up. I hate that song."

"Pff. Alright."

"Well, anyway. I think the ski area would be better for partying if we decide to drink or anything, since Denver's likely to be much stricter about that. Denver will be cheaper, though."

"Yeah. And closer for more people." I nodded, "But you're right. I don't think going to some hotel in Denver just to party would be that good of an idea, especially if we want to drink at all. I don't think any of us would be over twenty-one. Besides, from watching the crowds at Steamboat, it seems like just the Thing You Do when you go to college; partying in a ski slope hotel."

"Yeah, I remember my dad talking about it from his college days."

The rest of the walk to my dorm was spent hashing out possible plans and discussing various results of such a party. We stomped the snow from our feet after crossing a field to more quickly get to the entrance to the building, finally shedding layers and relaxing once we got to the room. Thomas was gone for the time being, but his screen saver was on, indicating a temporary leave.

Kris dug her backpack from under the bed and pulled out the oboe reed case containing her minimal stash extracting the half-smoked joint from the tube and setting it delicately on the corner of my desk before returning the tube back to her bag. As if magically drawn by the scent of newly exposed pot, Thomas wafted back into the room with a beatific smile on his face and a campus paper tucked under his arm.

I burst out laughting, "I've never seen someone look so relieved."

"Hey man," he said dreamily. "Never underestimate the power of a good shit."

"You, my friend, are disgusting," Kris said, sticking her tongue out. Her expression immediately brightened as she gestured toward the half-joint on my desk, "Smoke?"

Thomas nodded sagely and set about fishing his towel out of the pile of clothes that served as his laundry basket. While the other two made preparations for the pot, I cracked some ice into my travel mug and added about a double shot of gin to that, setting the rest of the bottle out for those who wanted. Thusly situated, we settled in to party as quietly as possible.

"Fuckin' refrieds," Thomas sneered, but accepted Kris offer of letting him start the nub of a joint out, setting the sploof in his lap and the incense nearby as he drew the harsh smoke deep. Passed the marijuana on to Kris and sat still for a moment, face screwed up as if he was concentrating. His brows furrowed into a frown as he grabbed at the soda bottle he used as a sploof, coughing violently into it.

Kris raised her eyebrow and shrugged, taking her turn at the still smoldering pot, relighting it as she held it carefully, taking a large pull from it herself and passing it almost immediately on to me. I watched bemusedly as the ritual repeated itself with my girlfriend --- the pained look and then the coughing into a bottle. The whole concept seemed decidedly silly.

As both of the others relaxed, I pondered the quarter of a joint left in my hand. Then, on a whim, snagged the lighter from the floor and joined in, figuring I'd give the stuff one more try.

My throat burned on contact with the harsh smoke, and I had to stiffle the urge to swallow convulsively. My eyes watered and I swallowed a laugh as I passed the joint on to Thomas, who was chuckling at my expression. Kris laughed as she handed the soda bottle to me, which I, desiring only to fit in, coughed into explosively, sending up a cloud of weirdly scented smoke from the hole on the end of the bottle.

"Figured you'd come along?" Kris giggled.

"Why not?" My voice was hoarse and choked, and my throat felt like I had swallowed a thistle blossom. "Worth a try."

Thomas laughed and waved the smoking brand of his incense stick around the room briefly to douse us in the saccharine scent. "Thanks for smokin' me up with my own cheap-ass shit," he murmurred, licking his fingers and pinching the ember on the stick of Nag Champa. "Y'all gonna get crunk, too? C'n I have some of that gin?"

I laughed at the wording and nodded, gesturing to the bottle with my head as I took a swallow of the liquor from my travel mug, the cold liquid soothing my scorched throat, only to introduce a different type of burn. I passed the cup on to Kris and scooted over next to her where she sat on the bed, "Thanks."

"Mm," she said, taking a few sips of the drink. "You're my boyfriend, I think I'm, like, required to share with you. Didn't know you'd be smoking up, though."

I nodded and shrugged, already feeling the fog roll into my thoughts and blanket them in mist. "Figured why not," I mumbled, leaning to give her a kiss on the cheek.

"Cute," Thomas mumbled from across the room, spending the rest of his attention on trying to pour some of the gin into half a Mountain Dew he pulled from his backpack.

"Ain't it grand?" Kris giggled.

Thomas snorted.

"How come we never see you with anyone, anyway?" I managed to slur.

Thomas, drink held proudly in hand, recapped the gin and set it by the fridge, hidden in case someone opened the door. "Got a girl off campus. Says she don't want to come over here."

"Yeah?'

"Don't think she did so well in the dorms. Does her best to stay out of them now." He shrugged and pushed himself back onto his bed, only spilling a little of his drink onto his front. "I stay with her for the weekends. Gives you two room to, heh, do your thing, anyway."

My thoughts meandered dully around, and it took a few seconds to parse what he had said. I went to reply but found that I had been sitting with my mouth open, so I settled for just closing it and shrugging. Kris stuck her tongue out at Thomas and flopped back onto the bed, throwing a corner of my comforter over her face.

"What? S'not a problem," Thomas chortled. "You two are cute, in a kiddy sort of way."

"Thanks a lot," I managed before a giggle took over. Heh, 'kiddy', went my brain.

He saluted and set his drink down on his desk, levering himself up to take another toke from the remainder of Kris' joint, leaving it as little more than a nub afterwards. The coughing was repeated, abbreviated, and he set to puttering around the room. He picked up a DVD and set it to play on his computer, keeping the volume turned way down, then put his headphones in anyway and turned up his music. He told me that he was dead set on finding new soundtracks to movies, and this was how he went about it.

Feeling my eyes glazing and my eyelids drooping to half-mast, I finished the rest of my cup of gin. I refilled the travel mug with another double shot of liquor before setting it on the desk next to the head of the bed. Kris, meanwhile, cold as usual, pulled herself up into my bed and climbed in under the covers, hugging some of them to her front. She chuckled as she watched me struggle to untie my shoes, then helped to pull me up onto the bed with her after I got them off. I climbed up over her only to flop down behind her. I rolled to face away from the wall, an effort on about the same scale as Boston's big dig, what with pot and alcohol both impairing, and tugged the covers over me so that I could nestle in behind Kris, head propped up so that I could watch Starship Troopers over her shoulder.

My thoughts were still meandering, but I was no longer in control of them. It left me feeling mute and stupid, unable to express or even experience any of the numerous ideas and emotions that swirled together in a vague blur inside my head. After a while, I gave up trying. The one clear thought left was that I was getting to spend the last night for more than a month with Kris here away from home. It was depressing at the same time as it was comforting, but that's about as far as I got in analysing it before giving up and hugging my arm around my girl.
I had the drapes pulled closed enough to shield my monitor from the sun glaring off the snow outside. The second week in November and we had only just now had our first snow. People told me it was a dry year, but I still felt as though I was living in some place vastly different than home; a place where I didn't have to clear the sidewalks starting in October.

I stared dully at the screen as my half-finished theory ear-training homework sat open and waiting for me to finish, the music player paused. I had gone beyond frustration at the exercise, wafted through apathy, and now, my brain had simply turned off. I was closer to meditating than day-dreaming.

Understandable, then, that the sound of my phone made me jump as much as it did. Recognizing my mom's number on the external display, I unclipped the cell from its charger and took the call, "Hello?"

"Hi!" Mom always sounded chipper on the phone.

"Hey mom. What's up?"

"Oh, not a whole lot here. Just got back from hiking with the dogs. Got tired of emailing you, so I figured I'd call in stead." I could hear the smirk as she continued, "You know, you could try it once in a while. I know you don't have a whole lot of minutes, but that's no excuse not to call home more than once a month."

I laughed, "Sorry, mom. Just been kinda crazy here."

"Yeah? Tell me all about it. I need more college anecdotes to pass around work."

"Oh, nothing that exciting," I dismissed. "Class, and homework, and more class. At least concerts and midterms are over."

"Yeah? How did those go? Sorry again Jared and I couldn't make it out there for your concert."

"Oh, don't worry about it. The music wasn't very good, anyway. Midterms went fine, not as big a deal as I thought."

"Good, good. And school's going well overall? I have to ask that, you know. They make us sign something when we have kids promising to nag about school."

I laughed, "I bet. It's going fine. Lots of people here, pretty crazy."

"Always is. Meet anyone yet?" she asked suggestively.

"Well... sorta," I admitted, ears turning hot. I hadn't really thought of how to prepare myself for a reverse coming-out. "It's... weird. I don't want to jinx it, though. I'll tell you later."

Mom laughed, "Alright, alright, keep your secrets. Anyway, the real reason I called was to let you know that your car's fixed. I'll come pick you up at around noon on... not this saturday, but next, I guess it is. Then you can drive yourself back to school when break's over."

"Oh, awesome. Thanks for helping me out with that."

"Of course, hon. Besides, it's like an investment. Put money into your car so we don't have to pay for gas ferrying you around anymore." She laughed, but it sounded strained, "It pays off in the long run."

"Mm. Well, thanks again. I gotta get going to class here pretty soon. See you next Saturday?"

"Sure thing, Cory. Have fun with the prospective boy."

I bit my lip and made a generic sound of agreement. "Talk to you later, mom. Love you."

"Love you too."

She hung up and I stared at the phone for a while.

Plugging the cell back into the charger, I was interrupted by a knock, startling me. I levered myself up and shambled over to the door. "Oh, shit, Eric. Hey, come on it!"

I propped the door open and let my friend slip into the room, Eric making a bee-line for my bed, where he dropped himself gracelessly. "So! Double date, huh?"

I laughed and made my way back to the computer, making a note on my homework where I had left off. "Guess so. Always seemed like such a highschool thing to do. Even dating in general, man," I shrugged. We had had our fair share of discussions about the matter.

"Yeah. Kinda bogus," he shrugged. "Whatever, though. Gotta keep the girls happy. How you even wound up with one is beyond me."

I smirked and flipped him off kindly, getting a laugh for my efforts. "So what's the plan, then?"

"Well, I guess they're both coming over here sometime in the next few minutes, then we're all going for a cold, romantic march across campus to get some dinner. Dunno after that."

"Alright. Well, shit, guess I'd better get myself pulled together." I locked my computer again and patted at my pockets to make sure I had the necessary keys and credit card before hunting around in the pile of clothes that had accumulated in my closet for my jacket and boots.

Eric's phone rang just as I was tying my shoes, so I doubled my pace, guessing at who was on the other end. Of course, judging from the expressions he used and how... cute they were, I hardly needed to guess. I was up and ready to go by the time he had hung up, so we trudged our way out of the dorms and down the flight of stairs to see the two girls peering in the windows of the stairwell to watch for us.

Kisses were exchanged amongs the two couples, though the ceremony was cut short by complaints about the temperature, so we started to walking.

Cutting across campus is no simple deal. I had long ago decided that there had to be a reason for it being so hard to get from one end of the campus to the other, and that it had been someone's idea to try to make it easier for students going from one class to the other back when there were less buildings. Now, however, the four of us wound our way through narrow roadways and alleys between the various buildings, sticking mostly to the cleared sidewalks except to kick at the occasional clump of snow or, in Kris' case, to grab a fistful of the stuff to throw at me. How friendly of her.

We made our way across College, though and then across Laurel, the street that bordered the north edge of campus, and stomped our way into our destination, a restaurant that had appealed to all of us. The food was homey and warm, cooked to order, but it was still 'quick food', not quite fast food, but certiainly prepped ahead of time as much as possible.

Taking the numbered card that would guide our server to our table, Kris slid into the booth with enough speed to bump up against the far wall, then handed me her glass with a bat of her eye-lashes. "Whatever clear soda they have, boy."

"Right, Dr.Pepper it is," I countered, sauntering over to fill both of our glasses with soda. I had ordered vegitarian, which, logically, meant that I could allow myself a glass of Dr.Pepper. Kris, who never seemed to change from her current figure, always got the same thing, it seemed. Not even sugary carbonated water seemed to budge her weight in either direction.

Sliding back into the seat next to her, I set her drink down before her and leaned in to put a peck against that spot on her neck she always told me never to kiss in public. "So, double date, huh?"

She squirmed against the wall and tilted her head to protect her neck from the gesture, "Sure. It got you out of your room for once, plus I figured it'd be fun, even if it's only dinner."

I grinned and nodded. "Well, cool. Don't get to see Erin much, anyhow."

"That's 'cause you never come over to our place, dork," Kris countered.

"I fear for my eternal soul every time I go over there," I whined. "There are ancient rituals involving lipstick and foundation; horrible bezoars sacrificed to the almighty hairbrush." I laughed when I felt the kick to my shin.

"Just because you two don't bother with anything more than a cursory comb through your nappy hair doesn't give you permission to dismiss us," Erin replied. Eric was trying to hide his laughter behind his soda.

"I just worry that I'll have to turn in my gay card, is all."

Kris rolled her eyes. "You've already got a big red mark on your permanent record for that, bucko."

"I suppose so." I grinned, "Though, hey, even my mom still thinks I just met a guy, not a girl."

Kris' smile faltered a little, and what remained looked as though it took a little effort for her to keep there. "You told her about me, but didn't say I was a girl."

Realizing my gaff, I backpedalled, "Well, I mean, it's complicated. I didn't tell her anything except that I was interested in someone but didn't want to talk about it." I added hopefully, "It's like... coming out, only backwards. Doesn't make it any easier..."

There were several moments of silence, and I sank glumly deeper into the booth. "Aaaand now everyone's staring at me."

We were distracted by our server setting food in front of us, each in turn. Thankfully, the conversation settled onto new and lighter topics, and Kris even seemed to lighten up to her normal, chipper self, comforting me with a hand on my thigh in the middle of the meal.

When the plates were cleared and we decided to walk back to campus in order to decide what to do next, Kris lagged behind, and so I did as well. "What's up?"

"Why do you like me, Cor?" she blurted, even before I was finished, and it was hard to tell if her ears were red from the cold or from the topic. "I mean... I'm sorry. That sounded angry and I'm not, really. I just sometimes worry that you like me 'cause I seem like a guy or something."

I laughed quietly and slipped my arm around her shoulders at the cross walk, holding her there as the red hand bid us to, even though Erin and Eric had already crossed. "It's not that, I promise. I really can't say why I like you, and i'm not sure I want to define that. I always sound stupid when I try in my head."

Kris jabbed me with her elbow, keeping her hands warmly ensconced in her pockets. "Getting me to swoon and blush won't get you out fo this," she cautioned, adding, "Though it certainly gets you brownie points. I just... why didn't you tell your mom?"

I shrugged and gently guided her forward with my arm around her shoulders, getting her into the crosswalk before letting her go. Walking that close was awkward with the height difference, and my hand was getting cold. "It's weird. I guess," I faltered. "It feels like... all the trouble I went through coming out as gay to my parents... all that would be a lie if I suddenly told them that I wasn't. Know what I mean?"

Kris shrugged: an answer as good as 'no.' We walked on after Erin and Eric for a little ways before she spoke again. "People change all the time, Cor. Do you think your parents wouldn't like this sort of change?"

It was my turn to shrug. "I'm an only child. It was a bit of a big deal when I came out, because it meant I was the last of a line, in some ways. No grand children. I kind of feel bad for causing that sort of trouble. I guess it just seems like my parents view it as all one way or all the other. All straight or all gay. Just barging in with 'hey I've got a girlfriend!', well, it feels like I'd be coming out all over again, putting them throught that trouble... again..." I trailed off awkwardly, realising I was rambling, that I had kept talking after I had already said what I wanted to say.

I watched Eric look back at me with a concerned look, but I smiled and gestured subtly to him. He and Erin walked on even as Kris and I walked slower, meandering along the sidewalk through the oval shaped plot of land at the heart of the old campus uninventively named The Oval.

"Well, I told my parents," Kris said after a while.

I leaned to put a kiss on top of her head, my nose warmed by her dense hair. "Braver than I."

She laughed and leaned against me, trying to guide me into the snow. "No, I just thought it was normal. I keep forgetting," she trailed off, relaxing against me a little. "I keep forgetting it's not, for you. Not really."

"Not yet," I corrected, dropping my hand down to seek her own.
The rest of that first weekend was a flurry of, I thought, useless and overwrought activity. There were two more tours of the campus, to add to the two I had already taken. There was a series of games we had to play in one of the large grassy areas to the west of the student center that were probably intended to get us to relax but were almost universally greeted with sarcasm. All the new freshmen packed together so that our sweating bodies spelled out 'CSU' while a photographer on the roof of the recreation center took our picture. I had a bit to do for marching band, but other than that, the first weekend of school had very little to actually do with school.

Eric, Joseph, Jamen, and I all hung out together for most of the weekend, sampling the food at a few of the other dorms around the campus and finding a few places that actually served food worth eating. Mark and I headed to a coffee shop north of campus and ran into Kris there, where we watched a woman who looked rather a lot like Kris only taller cook omelets and waffles, drinking our pricey espresso drinks and feeling out of place.

My roommate didn't show up until Sunday night at about ten. I was just heading to bed, but since he needed to unpack all his stuff, I figured I'd stay up a bit longer and talk with him while he did so.

Thomas was a short, fit looking kid with a week's worth of stubble on his cheeks and chin, colored red, brown, and gray. He moved in a dazed sort of way, though he didn't seem particularly confused. When he talked, I could tell he was a little stoned.

"So," I ventured. "How were you able to get out of this weekend's madness?"

"I'm a sophomore, just chillin' in the dorms for another year," he drawled. "Didn't get my act together last year. Heh. 'Sides, I ain't payin' for this place, m' dad's got that covered."

I smirked and nodded, lounging back in my desk chair. The thing was something of a mockery of a rocking chair: it had two rails along the bottom like a rocking chair, but they were straight and shaped so that it only had three positions: forward middle and back. "Good thing. Bunch of bull this weekend, I thought."

Thomas chuckled in that stoner rumble of his, "Yeah, I 'member that shit. All team building and 'go rams' and hype. Fuckin' gay."

I hid my wince behind my travel mug of water.

"Anyway, 'nough of that. I'm in for journalism, how 'bout you?" he continued blithely.

"Music eduation."

"Oh, teacher, cool. I respect that. Whatcha play?"

"Trumpet," I replied, gesturing to the narrow case by my bed with my foot.

"Awesome," he said, nodding. He nodded for about thirty seconds, hands absent mindedly arranging books again and again on his desk. I got the feeling he was a little eccentric, like he was hearing music in his head that he was nodding to. Maybe he really was just stoned. "Hey, uh... Cory. You... y'know... smokeup at all?"

"Er... no," I shook my head. That answered that, then. "Not against it or anything, just never had the chance."

"Oh, cool, cool," Thomas mumbled, getting his stuff all put away and sprawling back on his ratty covers. "I, y'know, I'm kinda into it a bit. Heh heh. A lot, really. Just let me know if it bothers you, and I won't do it in her or anythin'."

My stomach turned a little in my nervousness. I hadn't screwed around with drugs at all in highschool, though I'd read plenty: I knew all the good sites. My parents had both talked about it some and discouraged me, each in their own way. Didn't stop me from being curious, though. "I really... well, I guess I don't care. Never been around it. I'll let you know if it bugs me."

"Mm." Thomas had pulled out his MP3 player and started fiddling with it. I sat for a bit before getting up to turn off the light, leaving my roommate with his desk lamp and music. College was a bit of a let down so far. The dorms were only passable, my roommate was questionable, and here I was already thinking about drugs, and I hadn't even had my first class. It all made me feel rather pensive about myself and my situation.
The confusing swirl of dreams resolved itself into my alarm chirping at me from my desk. I reached a sleepy hand up above my to whack at it until I managed to hit the snooze button. I rested on my back for a few moments longer before rolling over to slap at the power strip on the floor until I found the switch, gratefully rocking it to the 'on' position.

My computer's fan buzzed briefly to life at the sudden burst of power before the case reminded it that no one had yet hit the power button. More importantly, though, a vague hiss signified my coffee maker just starting to heat up. Everything was on the power strip, and before going to bed, I had loaded the coffee maker with grounds and water. I had turned my computer off, turned off the power strip, then turned on my coffee maker, despite no power going to the device. It was the closest thing I had to an automated system.

I dozed lightly for another few minutes until my alarm chirped at me once more, and this time, the smell of a freshly made pot of coffee was enough to get me to swing my legs over the edge of the bed and rummage around on my clock for the switch to turn the demanding alarm off.

I shifted my bulk over to my desk chair and fumbled with the container of powdered creamer that I had mixed sugar in with when I had purchased it, dumping a healthy portion into my travel mug, followed by a sloppy pour of coffee to fill the mug the rest of the way.

I freely admitted to being one of the world's stupidest people in the mornings, so streamlining my coffee intake process was a very important deal.

I stared dully at my computer's screen as I sipped the acrid but caffeinated drink, and all I could do was wonder how monitors showed the color black when they were a brownish shade of dark grey when the pixels were off. My thoughts climbed slowly through the strata of rational thought, lifting away from primal urges, into base emotions, then logical thought, and finally, after nearly twenty minutes, the more complex emotions.

Relief. It was Friday. The week following Thanksgiving was, I had been told, the last real week of school. I knew that next week would be what was called Dead Week or Hell Week, depending on who you asked. The week before finals. Relief sank into a mixture of fear and depression --- fear for the upcoming exams and depression at the thought that the exams would be followed by a month at home.

I tried thinking about the week past instead, but was confronted by confusion and frustration at the memories. Trapped by negative emotions on either side, I gave up and swallowed the last of my coffee, slipping into my robe and the dollar pair of flip-flops I used as shower shoes. My towel and I made our way to the showers.

The bathroom was delightfully deserted now, at not-quite-six in the morning. The powerful spray of very hot water struck me in the back of the neck and woke me up the rest of the way in only a few seconds. I cursed quietly as I remembered that i had gotten up this early in order to try running again. Now that I was awake and in the shower, the idea just seemed absurd and stupid. There was a foot of snow outside, I would likely freeze, and I just plain didn't want to.

Instead, I stood in the shower for a while, letting the hot water keep me warm. Finally, I shampooed quickly and rinsed myself off, grabbing the towel from the stall door in order to dry myself off as best as I could in the cubicle before wrapping the towel around my waist and slipping back into my robe.

I headed back to my room to get dressed and pondered my options for the sudden burst of extra time I was now blessed with. I decided I would go get some breakfast, since the dining hall would likely just be opening, then head over to the library for a bit.

Full of eggs and clutching the morning's second cup of coffee safely ensconced in the travel mug, I half-jogged toward the looming bulk of the library from my dorm. I slipped in and stood in the spaceous lobby for a few moments to warm up. A quick look at the clock told me I had about forty-five minutes until class started. Plenty of time.

I didn't come to the library to check out any books. I had only ever checked one out during my time at the school, and that was for a class. Instead, I just wanted to walk around inside. The sight of all the books, neatly ordered on the shelves and smelling of beautifully aged paper seemed to do plenty for me when it came to thinking.

I made my way downstairs to the fiction stacks and moveable shelves, walking slowly and holding my coffee cup close against my front. I passed shelf after shelf stacked full of words and meaning and let my mind wander.

Kris and Jamen were currently battling for center-stage in the theater of my thoughts. Jamen had efficiently avoided me for nearly a week by now, ever since we talked on Saturday. I would see him in the hall and he would look right through me, heading back to his room as soon as he could. I hadn't said more than a greeting to him since then; I hadn't had the chance to, what with him always ducking away like that.

It weighed heavily on me that for some reason, a person I had considered my friend was doing his best to not speak with me or be around with me, and considering our conversation on Saturday, all signs pointed to that delightful mess as the reason for him avoiding me.

I ducked into an aisle between shelves and trailed my fingers along the smooth spines of the books there as I dwelled on Jamen. I had become obsessed, arguing with myself all week long about who he had been talking about during our conversation about aversion therapy organizations. Possibilities ranged from 'he was lying, it must have been himself' to 'his boyfriend' and 'maybe a sibling?' All those and several more seemed just as likely.

And Kris. We had spent all of Sunday together, and it had been decidedly wonderful. She had commiserated with me when I had talked about Jamen, and I had listened to her describe the rest of her vacation with her parents, filling in the details that I had missed during our talk in Boulder, learning more about the dynamics of her family. Just catching up with her as we walked around campus was enough to get me back into a positive mindset. Eventually making our way through the Oval, we held hands and talked until it started snowing. Since her dorm was closer, we made our way there instead of heading to mine as we usually did.

Finding myself in the corner of the stacks, I turned toward the movable shelves, walking slowly and thinking of that evening. Shivering, we had shed our jackets and brushed the snow out of our hair. We kicked our shoes off and climbed up to her bed to wrap ourselves up in her comforter, clinging to each other as warmth returned slowly, aided, of course, by shared affections of kisses and touches.

What started as a game of warming the frigid hands on the other's skin soon made its way further to, in Kris' case, warming the cold fingers beneath Cory's waistband. I remembered the lump that had formed in my throat as she had teased at me for a minute or so with no result other than me getting more and more nervous.

I had tried, really. As much as one can try to respond to sexual advances, that is, but no such luck. The more I tried, the tenser I became, the more nervous I felt, and the more nothing happened. I suppose it really hadn't been all that long, but it felt like forever before Kris pulled her hands from my pants once more and slid them around my sides instead.

"What's wrong, Cor?" she had whispered.

I just shook my head and slid my arms around her more firmly, squeezing her to my front and rolling carefully onto my back to pull her up onto me. Her giggle at the maneuver made me smile. "Just feeling kinda nervous or something," I managed after a few moments. I leaned up to kiss her before adding, "Just nerves, promise."

She felt tense against my front as she returned the kiss. "Well, alright." She relaxed to let her legs rest down on either side of my thighs, joking,"So long as it isn't the fact that you've got a girl messing with your junk and not a guy."

I laughed and shook my head, doing my best to slow my heart at the fear that that might've been the case. I let my own hands settle against the small of her back, fingertips pressing in against her to either side of her spine, rubbing in slow circles while I was there. "Nah, that's not it. Just nerves," I repeated.

My ears were red even now, as I jabbed at the button on the edge of the stack, a faint hum rising as the shelves of books slid smoothly on their tracks, opening up the aisle of bound journals to let me in. I wanted to feel even more secluded than I already was.

The memory went on. Kris had relaxed some at the careful massage I had given her, hands wandering up over her back so that fingertips could knead here and there. All of my touches helped to push her closer and that, more than anything calmed me down; the feeling of her on my front and my heart rate slowed to a more normal level. She had made these little grunts of moans at the attention that made me laugh, which she had hit me, however feebly, for.

After a few minutes of that, she had shifted above me and brought her knees up so that she was kneeling to either side of my hips, straddling them. I had responded then (as I responded now, making me thankful for my parka and baggy jeans) and she picked up on that, for she moved against me, pressing herself in closer and smiling, her nose inches away from my own.

Ears flushed bright red, I shook my head and made my way towards a stair well. There was no sense in dwelling on the rest of the time we spent in her room now, considering I had fifteen minutes until class, and the music building was a fifteen minute walk away.

Despite the cliche, the chilly air did much to help turn my thoughts away from the baser portions of that afternoon. My brow furrowed as I walked quickly. The downside of not dwelling on the actual sex was that I wound up thinking about how nervous I had felt at first. I had felt the same way around guys, too, but not to the extent that I couldn't even react to a sexual situation. The trouble, of course, being that my current situation made that a whole lot more meaningful than it might have been if it had been with a guy.

Doubts had clung to me all week long as I alternated between fantasizing about the second half of the afternooon in her room and dwelling on the first half. Even with all the time I spent thinking about it, I was still unable to dissect what I had felt in order to find the root cause of it. All that time, and I still didn't know why I had reacted the way I did --- or rather, not reacted in the way I wanted to.

I shook my head angrily and picked up the pace of my walk to the music building, reaching down on a whim and grabbing a handful of snow from where it was piled next to the side walk, squeezing it into a clump of ice until my fingers went numb. I dropped the ice and rubbed my hand over my face, feeling the cold tighten my skin further. Dwell on it any longer, I told myself, and you'll make your fears into truth. Even if it's not the case, I railed on in my head, you'll make it about her gender, and you'll never respond again.

My chest was filled with coals of determination and a longing to see Kris again, and I let that warm me the rest of the way to class.

That evening, Kris lay against my front, the only thing separating us being a thin sheen of perspiration.

My determination had carried me through the rest of the day. I forced myself to think about the more pleasurable half of the encounter the previous Sunday rather every time I found my mind wandering back to what had gotten me so down for the week. Kris had been busy with projects for most of the week and I saw her little so we had planned on spending Friday night in my room again since Thomas would, as always be out. Now, as the day progressed, I refined those plans in my head. I needed proof that it had nothing to do with gender? Fine. Assuming Kris was up to it, I'd get my proof.

Kris, it turns out, was indeed up to it, so what began as canoodling while listening to music went further beyond that, and we had watched each other undress after Kris had remarked that we had never really seen each other naked. My nerves had started up at that point and I felt logic getting in the way of lust. As if she was reading my mind, though, Kris had distracted me, and now here we were, sprawled on my bed, still naked, with Kris relaxed on my front and the covers half over the both of us.

"You, boy," she said, breaking the silence. "You're all sorts of crazy."

"Mmhuh?" was all I could manage as I fought off the post-coital drowsiness

Kris laughed and lifted her head to put a kiss on my throat. "You're just weird. What brought this on, anyway?"

"Brought what on?" I laughed, slipping my arms around her waist.

"This, dork. The sex."

"I dunno, just been thinking a lot about Sunday," I replied. It was true enough.

"Well, cool, I guess." She stretched against me before rolling in my grasp, tugging me onto my side along with her. She twisted about until she was nestled back against my front. "It's certainly nice. Just crazy. We were all concerned about rushing, then bam! Three times in three weeks."

I laughed and kept her held against my front, "Yeah, I guess. Guess I'm a pretty standard guy, what with the thinking about sex all the time."

"I noticed," Kris shot back. "You had me worried for a bit there on Sunday, and even some today."

"I was worried, too, kinda."

"Yeah? I thought you were going to tell me it was all a mistake or something, you really were gay."

I held on a little more tightly and she hugged my arms to her front. "Yeah, I've been beating myself up over that all week," I blurted out. I rushed to finish before losing my nerve, "I don't know why I got all nervous, but almost convinced myself it was because I was gay."

I felt Kris tense up against me as she nodded. I kissed the back of her head and murmurred into her hair, "But I think we proved that wrong."

Kris nodded again and squeezed at my arms in her hands. "I didn't know you were thinking about it all week," she replied quietly. "You should've told me."

"Oh... I'm sorry. I didn't want to... I dunno, scare you or anything by bringing it up."

"But I want you to talk about it, Cor," she mumbled. "If you don't talk about it, then I dwell on it too. We could've at least worked things out. Not that I minded this proof of yours, of course."

I nodded a little and held onto her quietly.

"Promise you'll keep me in the loop with how you're feeling about this relationship?" she prodded.

"Of course. We're in it together."

"Duh," she laughed, wriggling herself back against me. "Sometimes it sounds like you're quoting lines from a movie."

I lifted my head a little to seek out that spot on her neck that I had decided was the perfect place to kiss. "Mmf. Sorry."

Kris wiggled all the more before turning in my grasp to face me, hugging one of her arms up around my back and staring me in the eye. "I'm serious, Cor. Promise you'll keep talking to me if you keep feeling like that."

I nodded and did my best to hold her gaze. "Promise."
Full of bagel, cream cheese, and lax, Our route turned east along I-80 for the few miles it took to get to I-25. Even though I'd gotten a coffee to go with our lunch, I was still tired. When my mom asked, I told her it was how boring the bland landscape was after the relative excitement of the mountains and greenery. I had barely slept the night before. Despite trying to act cool about the whole moving to college thing, excitement really had taken its toll on me, and I had alternated between worrying in bed and worrying at my desk. I must've mowed through half the container of olives we had in the fridge that night, sneaking out so as not to wake my mom and Jared as I made my food raids. Those spicy olives straight from the container were one of my comfort foods. One of those things that has to be eaten with the fingers.

I suppose I'm a little weird.

The conversation wandered around a little more between my mom and my self as she shared anecdotes from her own college life and I talked about recent stories about my friends as news from the perennial diaspora of high school graduates to colleges across the country trickled back to me. "Other Cory" had wound up down in Denver at the University of Colorado's campus there, and he had sent me a few pictures from his most recent visit down there. A few more friends from band had made their way to CU's Boulder campus, where my mom had wanted me to go, and the Inseparable Trio of Karen, Jessie and Nate had made their way to the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley, just a half hour away from where I was headed. Only one other of my friends from band --- more an acquaintance than anything --- had picked Colorado State University as I had, trekking over to Fort Collins along with me for visits and auditions, though he wasn't moving in until later today.

Most of my other friends, though, had spread out much further than Colorado. Many of the other band kids had filtered down to various schools in Texas for their music and education programs down there, and one or two made their way to each coast. Their parents were loaded, though, and could afford to pay for all the plane tickets and out of state tuition that was involved in such a move.

I was comfortable heading three or four hours away, though. I felt that it was close enough to home that I could visit if I wanted once I got my car fixed over Thanksgiving break. Still, it was far enough away so that I wouldn't have to worry about my mom 'emtpy nesting' on me and coming over to visit, except for the concerts. Dad was down in Colorado Springs, which was a good distance away, though I didn't expect to see him quite as much. Since he was helping with tuition as well, he made in-state tuition a must. Not that I minded, I loved Colorado, it just meant that if I wanted to get away, I would have to choose my schools carefully. I knew CSU from the two times I had done summer band camp, so that was my logical choice.

Sipping my way through my coffee, I let the flattening landscape and my mom's music lull me into an empty mind. Excitement and caffeine kept me from dozing, but it felt like the first real relaxation I'd had in a while.

Dad had sent me on my way with his goofy stories from college: shooting out a street light with a .22 rifle and having to repaint twenty light posts for the city as his community service; drinking with friends; smoking enough pot at a party that he wandered into the wrong apartment when he'd tried to go home. "Just promise me you'll get a DD if you drink, be a DD when you don't, and call me once in a while," was his goodbye when I'd left for Steamboat again on Wednesday. He'd given me a check for fifty dollars and walked me out to Jared's Honda, the car I was borrowing for this last visit.

Jared had little to say to when it came to college other than to agree with most of what my mom said and offer up common sense advice on doing my homework. I had watched his own kid graduate and move off to college, which was a much bigger deal to him - he and Jennifer had gone out to dinner on their own four or five times in as many weeks before she made her way across town to the Colorado Mountain College, and they had planned everything meticulously. It was understandable, I guess. He and my mom hadn't gotten married until my Sophomore year of high school - he was just that guy that lived with us, and I was just that kid his girlfriend had from before. Didn't matter much to us that I was leaving. And I don't suppose it helped that I liked guys. I was always just a little unnatural to him.

Mom and dad had taken that whole thing pretty well, at least. There were a few long talks I had to sit through about whether or not the whole thing was a phase or not, what this meant for their hopes of grandchildren, who I would go out with, and so on, but after a while, it was all normal to them. They both liked Chris, they both had their concerns about the whole internet dating thing, and they both treated me as they always had, which I suppose was the most important thing. Say what you want about Colorado in general, but I guess when it's your kid, it's hard to freak out too much. Besides, they were both hippies once.

The bigger concern amongs them, my parents and Jared, was that I wanted to go into music. That alone had caused more strife than coming out had.

"You'll never make any money," was what their arguments had come down to. Usually, it was couched in some lecture-speak, like, "There's a fine line between doing what you love and doing what you have to do in order to live comfortably." I had been a good kid and rarely rolled my eyes, but after watching both parents suffer through work, after watching Jared's relief at his lay-off, and most importantly, watching Mr.Paulsen talk about how much he loved his job in music teaching our band, I had to roll my eyes at this.

The arguments went back and forth, and my only concession had been to major in music education instead of just plain music. Teaching wouldn't be so bad, so long as I could teach music.
  Lines and curves, lines and curves. Beginning now.

Seven o'clock, and the 13th Street crowd was headed to dinner, or focusing on a postprandial stroll.

Cheyenne was focused on lines. On arcs and straight edges. On corners and angles.

  The cans of spray-lubricant had clanked onto the counter, earlier that afternoon. Three of them, some of the cheap kind. The poor stoat behind the till scanned them numbly, seemingly on autopilot.

  To see someone with such dead eyes had led down some strange alley and into what felt like second-hand embarrassment for Cheyenne. Second-hand to what, he couldn't tell. Either way, the transaction had itched, and he had shifted his weight from paw to paw until it was done.

  Finally able to tap in the pin for his card, that itch had been scratched. The digits of the number across the pad always traced a pleasant, angular rune, and then the coyote was done, hurrying out of the store. The bag of cans had been dumped unceremoniously into one of the panniers of his bike, his tail clipped quickly to his thigh, and he had been off.

His breathing slowed and the jittery, speedy vibrations in his mind smoothed out.

The heat along those lines grew, dull black iron turning first into a burgundy red, then glowing, picking up more towards cherry.

  Spring turning to summer had the days warm, but not uncomfortably so. The air still held enough spring in it that the light long-sleeved shirt Cheyenne wore never got too warm, even with the exertion of the brisk ride home.

Eyes focused on surroundings briefly, hunting for a patch he knew had to be somewhere here. Wander north, magnetic attraction.

  Ducking into the apartment had taken only seconds, enough for him to toss two of the purchased cans on a counter and another into a backpack, then back out into the evening air. Back onto his bike. Back on the road.

Cherry red and up to yellow, starting to put off enough glow that it crept into his vision, a light-leak in the camera of his eyes.

  Making it to the 13th Street Plaza had taken longer than expected, but perhaps that was for the best. The flames would shine brighter in twilight.

North, north along Linden. North to cross the plaza. North to pass the fountain.

  Cheyenne had parked his bike at a rack in front of one of the 12th street shops, locking it with care. Of his two prized possessions, the bike was the most practical, and the thought of losing it was something he would barely allow to register. He would be more than just upset, he'd be fucked. The commute to work would go from twenty minutes to more than an hour on the bus system, a fact he knew well from when it was too cold to ride. He'd saved up for three months to get this bike, a fantastic upgrade from what he'd had in college.

He could barely see now. Yellow brightened, headed more towards white. A sun made of lines, graceful arcs and definitive straightedges.

  The other prized possession was less immediately practical, yet even more dear than the bike. The small sketchbook, barely more than a few inches on each side, was truly irreplaceable. That sat snugly in his pocket; the backpack was too risky, even his apartment wasn't safe enough.

Toward the courthouse.

Cheyenne was panting now. Cool as the evening was getting, it was no match for the searing symbol locked in his thoughts. Burning, some part of him reddening, blistering, flaking and charring.

  His Sigillarium sat distinct from his notes. Those were ash now, long gone. Their pages had held letters, all unique, warped and twisted through repeated passes of his pen, slipping and sliding together into some place between joy and fear, a place of too much meaning.

Past the courthouse now. And there, along the brick wall that surrounded the guarded parking lot. A place for moving the guilty to prison, maybe? There was the icy patch, freezing in the still-warm evening.

  Once the meaning grew overwhelming --- he'd know the moment when it came --- the Sigillarium was brought out, opened reverently to the next blank page, and impressed with the new sigil. He used a dip pen with India ink into which he'd stirred several drops of blood. As the ink dried, Cheyenne did his best to start the process of forgetting.

Strange place, strange place. Empty, yet meaningful. Locked up. Guilty and innocent. Shackled, manacled, clanking and clinking in chains. The patch on the wall likely wasn't actually cold to the touch, yet he knew if he touched it, frostbite would follow.

  Forgetting took days, weeks, months. It began with closing the Sigillarium, locking away intent and meaning while Cheyenne forgot the words themselves. He wouldn't look at the sigil again until the night before.

Obscured though his vision was, Cheyenne turned around, using his peripheral vision as best he could to check for others around.

Empty street.

  Doubtless there were cameras who had seen him, but intent never left a visible mark, so no one had ever come after him. Intent was psychological. Magical graffiti for no one to see and everyone to feel. He would begin internalizing the symbol the night before, and hold it in his mind until the moment of, when it once more became unbearable.

Smooth movements. Smooth and sure. He took the can, focused on the frigid patch, and began spraying. He couldn't do it too quickly, even if he did need to hurry. There needed to be enough penetrating oil left to burn.

  Then he would bike and hunt for the cold he knew peppered the town.

The sigil was one unbroken line. One line that contained all those arcs and curves and straightaways and angles and corners. All sprayed dead center in the midst of that patch layering intent over what meaning was already there.

Quickly, before he even capped the can, he fished his lighter out of his pocket and gave the wheel a rasp just at the final endpoint of the line.

Blue flames, tinged yellow at the tips, spread fast, curling along the sigil, branching and curving whenever it came across a point where lines crossed.

All that fire in his mind wound up on stone.

All that patch of ice began to thaw.

The coyote was already on his way back to the plaza, can of lubricant on back in his bag and all that unbearable meaning seeping from him as he slipped back into the evening crowd.
Cheyenne pinned his ears back against his head as he stomped down the length of the block. His boots were too much for the drizzle that the weather offered, but it was that or his threadbare sneakers, and some tiny part of his mind had done the calculation without the rest of him knowing, and he'd tugged the heavy things on for the walk.

The air inside had grown too stuffy for the old , or perhaps his eyes had grown too tired of reading, or maybe it was something in his joints, a feeling of too much space that needed to be compressed down. The solution, no matter the problem, was to move.

His third time around the block, knees and hips aching from walking in work boots that were never meant for the task, and Cheyenne still hadn't figured out what it was that kept driving him out of the house. He'd walk, day after day, until his tail drooped and his feet started dragging. Sometimes, like today, he'd circle the block. Some days he'd drive the mile to the supermarket and walk aimlessly up and down each aisle, eventually picking up a drink or a snack, just to make the trip worth it. Other days, he'd just pace in his building's parking lot.

He didn't think.

Or maybe he thought too much. Maybe that was it. Maybe the wolf's every step was taken to crush too many thoughts beneath the soles of his boots, pressing the life out of them through the sheer weight of his restlessness.

He didn't know what it was that, day by day, drove him to his feet, drove him to walk until he couldn't walk anymore. He just knew that if he didn't, that ache within him, that burning, that itch would continue to grow, and he'd start to feel like his heart was being extruded through his ribcage, like his fur was coming out in clumps, like he couldn't possibly breathe deep enough.

His wife, gone now these five years, had been fond of calling him a restless soul. He wasn't sure that he was capable of believing in a soul, nor that this increasingly restless state of being was confined to something so intangible. He was just restless.

Just. Only.

That's all he was. There was nothing to him except restlessness. After Naomi's death, he'd slowly become less and less of a person, until all that was left was the urge to move, the terror over being confined to one place for any length of time.

His tail starting to sag, the wolf could feel all the calm he'd accumulated through the walk start to ebb, the tide of anxiety creeping in from the edges, from his fur inwards. One last trip around the block, he figured, was all he could manage before resting again.

By the time he made it around to his building again, Cheyenne was well and truly sore, knees and hips aching from the repetitive motion of stomping around the block. Still, he couldn't bring himself to head up to his apartment quite yet. The idea of being closed in such a space held negative appeal. Something about the thought of four walls was actively repulsive.

So he sat on the damp stoop and watched the trees across the street.

The drizzle had dried up --- though he hadn't noticed when --- and all that was left was the occasional pat of drop on leaf as some bit of water got too heavy and sought a new home closer to the ground. There was just that gentle sound. Despite the hour, the street was empty of traffic, as though the shoddy weather had chased everyone inside.

"Would that my soul were that calm," he mumbled to the bare street at last and levered himself up creakily, climbing the rest of the stairs to head inside.


Boots? Check. Knee-high stompers with buckles from ankle to top. Dark enough brown to pass for black. Cradled the paws oh-so-nicely.

Leggings? Check. Clingy and stretchy, form-fitting. Dark enough red to pass for brown. Showed off those big, no-nonsense calves and thighs.

Skirt? Check. Pleated, short, the barest hint of lace. Black and polyester, but shiny enough to pass for vinyl in the right light. Gives some shape to those hips.

Top? Check. Just a navy blouse, though, nothing special about it.

The last thing Taegen needed was their bag: a leather and waxed canvas deal, halfway between a purse and a backpack Like a backpack with only one strap. Big enough to hold wallet, keys, phone, hat, gloves, change of socks, change of panties, a gaff in case they wanted to feel even more feminine, and a whole slew of other handy bits and bobs. It didn't really go with the rest of the outfit, but neither did it clash all that much. They didn't expect to be keeping it on them at all times, though, so that didn't matter too much.

Plenty good for the night.

They made it down one whole flight of stairs from their apartment before the stairs became too much to do in boots. Walking in stompers wasn't as easy as they'd hoped.

Elevator to the lobby, then. And then out onto the street. Cold, cold. Taegen shivered. Cold.

They held their phone in their hand the entire way to the party. It was a walk of a few blocks, a ride-share across town (always nerve-wracking, but they weren't going to try for the busses and wouldn't be able to drive home), and a walk of a few more blocks. Thumbing their phone from map to messages to map to messages. They knew the route, but still. Map to messages.

Made it, at least. No hassle from the driver, no one out on the streets they had to walk. The party, that red pin dropped on their map, nonetheless felt like a safe haven. Friends here, it announced, Friends and fun and safety.

There was a comfortable rhythm to the party, one that was easy to fall into. Taegen rotated among the loosely defined stations. The cuddle-pile on the beanbag, where they could only sit on the edge for the "no shoes" rule, too much trouble to take those clompers off (and put them back on again, later), but they did take a hit or two off a pipe someone offered. The kitchen, leaning back against the counter and chatting a little too loud with friends and friends of friends, drinking pricy beer. The living room, where they took control of the party's music for an hour or so.

Comfortable rhythms from the stereo. Not too fast, not too slow, heavier on the bass than the treble. Music they liked dovetailing into more music they liked. That felt like their place, that's where they belonged.

A comfortable rhythm, but with a new note, a new bass-line that teased at the edges of their perception.

A party like this, they expected to know maybe half of the people, and recognize most of the rest, but there was a newbie here.

Well, maybe not a newbie. He moved with too much confidence to be totally new. Talked with too much ease with too many of their friends, knew his way around way too well.

New to them, then.

Tall. Doberman, probably? No concessions to the style, though. No cropped ears, at least, and no mean look. Fur dark enough brown to pass for black, from what they could see, and the rest was obscured by a simple outfit. Work-out shirt of some breathable material, a backpack he kept on, and cargo shorts.

Pretty cold out there for shorts, but maybe thats just me being a cat.

Intriguing, to say the least. Taegen set the next song to playing and angled toward one of their friends, no harm in asking for an introduction, right? Get a name, see if he's cool.

"Cheyenne, is it?"

"Hmm?" His voice was a little higher pitched than they'd imagined. Not squeaky, just a tenor. "Oh, hey cat. Yeah, or Cheyenne. How's it going?"

Taegen put on their best grin, shrugging, "Goin' alright. Just puttering around. Haven't been to one of theses things in ages. How 'bout you? How're you? Not seen you around before."

The dog settled back into the couch, Taegen perching themselves on the arm-rest by him. Cheyenne set his backpack at the his feet. "Yeah, doing good, doing good. Last one of these was my first, so I guess I'm still kinda new." He had a very toothy grin, very toothy. "Hey, you got a name, cat?"

"Of course. Just Taegen will do for now, though." They swished, proud and a little buzzed. "Sorry, probably should've led with that, hmm?"

Cheyenne grinned, reaching up and giving their tail a little tug, dark brown paws on their black tail complementary enough. Got a mew out of them, too. "Yeah, probably," hee replied. "So uh...who invited you? Who do you know? Trying to figure out how we're connected."

"Me too," the cat laughed, shrugged. "Cheyenne and Jen, mostly, though I've been hanging with that crowd for a while."

"Mm, yeah." Cheyenne nodded, continued, "I came with one of Jen's friends, Cheyenne. Josh, and that crew. Know them?"

"Oh, huh. Know of them. Not really who I hang out with, usually." Taegen leaned back onto one paw, the other reaching up to ruffle the dog's ears. A brief twinge of embarrassment: flirting already? Yeesh. "Well, glad I got the chance to meet you. Don't see many floppy-eared dogs about. What did you get up to, last time?"

Cheyenne laughed and shrugged, "Guess not. Ma didn't want mine cropped, and it's not my bag anyway. Last time, last time, hmm. Lots of lounging, mostly. Grabbed one of the bedrooms to get closer to someone."

"They let you do that?" Don't sound interested, don't sound interested.

"Sure, if you ask." The dog paused, slipped some vape pen out of their pocket and drew, then added through billowing clouds, "Though keep quiet about that, it's not supposed to be a known thing."

"Lips are sealed," Taegen laughed and took a swig of beer pilfered from the kitchen crew. Don't sound interested, cat. But a fling might be nice, a small voice whined. Don't sound interested.

Man, what was it with this guy? Body type or something?

They shook their head.

"Mm? What's up"

Taegen sat up again, giving their paw a rest. "Huh? About what?"

"You just went all quiet and then shook your head," Cheyenne said, grinning.

"Oh, uh, internal dialogue." Taegen tried to laugh it off. Don't sound interested. "Happens when I get anxious."

"Are you anxious now, then?"

They gave a on-committal shrug. That ought to do. Just don't sound too interested.

"Hit off the vape, then?" The dog reached into his pocket, drew the pen back out. A pen? Maybe a different one.

"Tell me what's in it, first." Relax? Around the dog? Hmm. Lowered inhibitions might be nice.

"Just something to help relax. Basically what they have at the beanbag."

Taegen nodded, held out a paw with a little give-it-here gesture. Cheyenne dropped the pen in their hand. A light, cheap deal with a translucent 'tank', about half full.

They gave a draw. A short one. Started reasonably smooth, then a bite at the back of their throat. Hold it, bite's getting stronger, cough. Surprisingly odorless cloud of vapor.

"Good?" Cheyenne asked. "Should get you chill in a few minutes."

Taegen shrugged and nodded, the two motions starting a gentle buzz, an even gentler wave of pleasure. Ooh, that's nice. "Mmhm, very good. Thanks, man."

Cheyenne grinned and shifted himself a little to the side, closer to the bunny who'd plopped down beside him, to open up a narrow slot on the couch. He patted it. "Come sit, there's room. No need to perch up there."

They hesitated a moment before shifting as well, slipping down the arm of the couch to fit neatly into the slot. Warm thigh against thigh, warm arm against arm, close enough to smell canine. Canine tinged with a slight fruity scent from the vape. Definitely a different vape.

Arm against arm shifts. Cheyenne slips his out of the way to drape along the couch back. Taegen grins. Feels smooth, silky, wavy. Smooth cat. Giggle. "Trying to pull one of those subtle stretch-and-then-cuddle moves?"

"Nah, more room this way." The doberman pauses, then slips the arm down further to drape over the cat's shoulder. Fingers tease at the hem of their sleeve. "But now that you mention it, that's a good idea."

Taegen laughs. It tinkles, wavers between masculine and feminine, chiming bells. Smoother, silkier, wavier. Tenses blurring, memory shrinking, self becoming translucent. Maybe sound a little interested. "No complaints here, not gonna turn down affection."

Cheyenne grins and nods. The grip tightens, cat pulled against dog. Warm, warm, so warm. Came to the party for socializing, got cuddles. No complaints indeed.

Cat and dog sit like that for a few minutes, just listening to music, sinking into the couch. Warm and warmer, but not too warm. Cozy and smooth and wavy. Taegen opens their mouth, and closes their eyes. Pants. Revel in it, cat. Feel warm, taste the air, enjoy the company.

A tap at their lip, something hard and plastic. They open their eyes again. The vape. The vape and, off to the side, Cheyenne's grinning muzzle.

Hell with it.

Another hit, about the same size though it's hard to judge. The bite is expected, calmer this time. Hold it in, breathe it out. Sweet clouds, dog. Warmth ratchets up several notches. Their weight doubles, or seems to. Sink into the couch, lean against the dog. Lean more, kick a leg up over the arm of the couch --- it's okay, they're wearing the leggings, no one's getting a show.

Cheyenne encourages this, for his part. That paw slips further down the cat's arm, dull claws brushing through fur. Muzzle tilts down, next to ear, and he murmurs, "Cozy cat, aren't you? Wasn't expecting this, tonight."

"You'n me both," Taegen mumbles. The words roll around in their head and fall out of their mouth, one by one. Disjoint, not connected to one another. Speaking out of instinct.

They close their eyes again.

Dog shifts, arm slips a little further around over the far shoulder, paw moves from arm to abdomen. Flat against it, then slowly curling, fingers bunching up blouse. Slit of fur between shirt and skirt exposed. More black fur.

"You're cute as hell, kitty." A low rumble, nearly a growl. "Boy cat? Girl cat? Neither cat?"

Purr. Purr louder. "Nnh...cat."

Another growl, and this time it is a growl, insistent. "Girl cat."

"Girl cat," lazy agreement. Agreement coming from some remote part of their mind. "Girl cat and boy dog."

"Very boy dog," the rumble continues even after words end. A low growl filling their ears, filling their mind. Nothing but the growl. Eyes close to drown out extraneous visual noise.

A tap at their lip again, then the mouthpiece to the vape is pressed past lips. No questions, no waiting. "Another hit, pretty kitty. Go on, you're fine, just breathe in nice and slow."

Breathe, the bite, exhale.

Start to lean back, vape follows. "Nuh-uh, you're not done yet. One more. Getting wobbly, huh?"

"W-wobble. Melty." Words are difficult.

Taegen melts, melts against that dog, slouching, arm draping over his thigh, Elbow, near crotch, senses arousal. Smells arousal. Not just the dog's either. Don't sound interested seems to have gone out the window.

Dog slips the vape back in his pocket, reaches to another pocket just above it and pulls out a phone. Thumbs at it.

Those delicious rubs to their tummy continue. Eventually, shirt stays bunched and they paw moves to fur instead of fabric. Purr more. Claw-tips send radiating waves of pleasure, all tingly.

Buzz buzz. Cheyenne checks his phone. Puts it away. "Pretty kitty," the growl is insistent, right next to their ear. "She's such a pretty kitty."

Breathing turns ragged. Pretty kitty. She. Yeah, she, that's what she is. She's a pretty kitty. Girl cat, boy dog.

The growl continues without words, and then, "Lets go snag one of those rooms, yeah? Got the 'okay' to play."

Yeah, yeah. Don't just think it, say it out loud, girl, come on. "Mmm, yeah."

Getting to the room clearly happens. At least, the next thing Taegen notices is being in a bedroom. Memory's gone, only a memory. Room's a little messy, but cozy. Cheyenne's got his backpack up on the bed.

"Sit, puppy." Still a growl. Puppy?

They move to sit on the bed, but Cheyenne snaps his fingers, points to the ground. Taegen pauses, swaying. Just need to sit. Need to be a good kitty. They kneel, skirt flaring out around them, backside resting on the heels of those stompy boots. Waves of pleasure, so smooth, so silky. "Kitty," they mumble.

Cheyenne unzips the backpack. A rustle.

The growl grows imperative, menacing. "Puppy. You're my puppygirl, now."

Resentment? Fear? Shame and excitement? Kitty...puppy. Feelings clash. Obedience wins out.

"P-puppy," they stammer. She stammers.

Cheyenne draws out a seemingly complex contraption of vinyl. Evolutes it with his paws. There's a snap.

A mask. Dog mask.

Taegen is panting. So hot. Too hot.

Cheyenne squats before them --- before her --- and, with both hands, slips the mask onto the cat's face. Feline muzzle sockets neatly into a pouch, ears are slicked back. Canine paws reach behind their head. A buckle, and then a snap. A vape being pressed through the mask to the muzzle beneath. A hit, a wave of ecstasy, intense.

Erection strains at panties and leggings. Tenting, begging. Should've worn gaff.

"Good girl," growl and praise. "Such a pretty puppygirl. You're mine now, hmm? My pup."

Pant, pant, pant, pant. The Taegen that was "they" and the Taegen that is "she" swirl in her head. Ditto cat and dog. Swirl and mingle. Words too hard, can't pull them up. Comes out as a faint mewl.

The doberman raps the top of the muzzle of the mask with his knuckles, "No, none of those noises. No cat, you're my puppy now."

Pant. Pant, pant pant pant, pant. So hot. Too hot. "Rrrf."

"That's more like it."

Pant. Gasp and pant. Cheyenne stands.

"Take off your shirt, pup, don't overheat. One button at a time, one at a time. Each button that you undo makes you more my dog. My puppygirl."

Words squirm around her head in a thick cloud, seem to coalesce into a thin, silver string. Contract, sink past fur and into her mind. Puppy, girl, puppygirl. Cheyenne's puppygirl. Very high cat. Spectacularly high cat. Swimmingly high cat --- though not pot, not just pot --- and seemingly sober dog. Not cat, no. Pup. Good pup, good pup.

She does as she's told, pant pant pant. She unbuttons slowly, one button at a time, pant pant pant pant. Exposes binder, exposes self. Cooler air, but not enough. Becomes more dog, pant pant pant pant pant. Thoughts flicker into her head and then out again before even being comprehended. No will, no volition, no reasoning, just dog, just dog.

Pant pant pant pant pant pant.

The final button. All dog, all dog.

All dog.

"Good puppy, beautiful puppygirl." The growl is proud now, lordly, smug. "You're my dog. You're my pup. Is there any cat left?"

Headshake, spinning, a gasp. She can tell she's leaked through her panties in arousal and is well on her way to leaking through the leggings.

Cheyenne's shorts are tented out, too. He's worked up too. Her owner, the one who claimed her. Nose filled with, senses overwhelmed by arousal. Her arousal. His arousal. Need. Pant pant pant. She can smell him, smell them both. She can't not smell them both.

"Good. That's 'cause you're my puppy girl. You'll do right by your owner, won't you?"

Taegen nods. She's a good pup, a good puppygirl. Eager to please, eager to please. She leans forward onto balled up fists. Good dogs sit, good dog good dog. Thoughts grow faint. Just a dog, just a pup.

Cheyenne leans forward, gather's up the cat-- the dog's scruff in his paw, clutching and lifting, pulling, tugging her closer, tugging that vinyl nose close until it bumps against the crotch of his shorts. Nose flooded with his scent. Eager to please, moaning, eager to please,

"We have all night. You're my pup. It all belongs to me, what remains of yourself." A fond growl, a claiming growl. "What remains belongs to me."
"This is going to sting."

I nod.

"No, this is going to sting a lot."

That warrants a dry swallow and a second nod, more nervous this time.

The first thing they'd done at the mod parlor was shave my fur. A smooth line back from my muzzle toward my ears. They'd gotten all of both of my cheeks, down to the jawline and up toward my ears, though not quite all the way.

It's not a good look for a weasel, this awful grooming.

I'll have to live. I suppose it'll take a few months to go from stubbly to bristly and back toward soft, and then another few after that until I'm back to normal.

Well, not normal. New. Different.

"Alright, first bit," the rat begins, tugging over the lower part of a milk jug that's been cut in half. "Gonna get the bars super cold. You sure you want the straight lines?"

"Yes." I don't sound sure, even to myself.

The rat does that thing where he just sits still and silent, waiting on me. His ears have been tattooed black up along the backs, and the fluorescent lights shining through them cast blurred shadows, crenelated ideas of shapes.

I sit up straight in my chair and give a firm nod. "Yes. Straight lines. Three on each cheek, spreading out toward the back of my head."

The rat waits a little longer, then cracks a goofy grin. "Good. Good choice. I'm gonna start the middle one a little further back. And I'll use tapered ones rather than rectangular. It'll make you look speedy."

We laugh at that, and I use the it to hide the terror. Not at the pain, mind, but at the sheer enormity of what I'm about to do.

"Alright, lady." The rat stands, pads across the room with claws clicking on linoleum. There's a hissing, gurgling sound, a sound of something more complex than water being poured, and then a soft curse. A single curse is more a matter of form, though, and the lack of follow-up keeps me from panicking outright.

The rat hurries back toward me, the half-jug in oven-mitt-clad paws billowing a sinking fog in his wake. This gets quickly set down on the steel table so he can shake the mitts off. The nitrogen fog continues its cascade, flowing over the table and onto the floor. From then, everything happens in quick succession.

I'm laid out on my side.

A thick petroleum jelly is smeared into the fur around my eyes, and a piece of aluminum foil massaged into that to create at least an attempt at a seal.

Footsteps.

A paw holds the foil in place. Another holds my muzzle down against a pillow in a sanitized paper pillowcase. A third, more spindly than the others, presses down on the side of my neck. Someone presses a rolled-up towel into my paws.

Murmuring.

A rush, a clatter, and then pain as something presses against my cheek. I grit my teeth, clench the terrycloth in my paws, and let out a sort of gurgled moan. Someone's counting down.

The pain leads with cold, then turns searing, and then is lost in a labyrinthine landscape. Sere, white, a sun too bright to look at, and the smell of snow.

The countdown reaches zero, and the pressure against my face relaxes. That 'something' that was pressed against my cheek is lifted away, and someone murmurs dryly, "One down, five to go."

I spend the next half hour alternating between gasping for breath between each countdown and exploring that landscape: a tangled mess of chalk-white rocks, angular, thorny bushes with no leaves, lingering snow-scent, and a flute playing whistle-tones above it all.

I'd never known how intricate pain could be.

After the last countdown is finished and I am allowed to sit up once more, I finally allow myself a simple, "Fuck."

There's laughter as the foil is pried away from my gummed-up fur and I blink my eyes back into focus. There's the rat along with his accomplice, a weasel far taller than I, sitting on a stool with a kerchief keeping unkempt headfur out of his eyes. On the table by him, a short copper bar clamped into a stainless steel handle is still oozing tendrils of too-heavy fog.

"Fuck," I say again.

"Stings, huh?" The weasel grins, and I recognize his voice from the countdown.

"Uh...I guess." I try to smile, feeling cold-burnt skin pull at my cheeks, and the smile turns into a wince. "Bit of an understatement. What does it look like?"

The rat reaches to snag a mirror and hold it up to my face. Shaved cheeks---that much I'd seen---cutting fine brown fur almost down to the skin, and three bars on each cheek, radiating away from my whiskers toward the back of my head. The bars show up as patches of matted, crispy, burnt fur.

"It'll turn white soon enough," the weasel says. He stretches out his arm and bunches up his sleeve, revealing simple coiling patterns of white fur amidst the brown of his fur. I'd seen it before in pictures (that being the reason I'd chosen this parlor), but seeing it in person made me all the more eager for the fur on my cheeks to grow back.

"Now you just need some piercings." The rat laughs as I shake my head.

I pay in cash. They accept cards, but I had more than enough on hand.


From the mod parlor, I head home to take care of the apartment. All the stuff I need is already in the car, packed into a backpack and a suitcase. Nothing from inside, of course. This all has to stay. Still, it's good to make sure.

Everything's neat. Not too neat, of course, as I can't keep up with Cheyenne's standards, and he can't keep up with the rate I make things messy. Stuff's on shelves, dust free. Clothes are put away, but the hamper's overflowing. The kitchen's wiped clean, but there's a stack of plates and glasses in the dirty half of the sink.

Poor Cheyenne. Ah well.

Once my account of the house is done, I begin to dismantle the life I'd built up for myself. I unwind it in slow, circular passes of the apartment, starting from the ground up. I carefully destroy what I was.

I slowly untick a checklist, item by item, of the things that got me where I am, made me who I am.

Drawers are tugged open and clothing strewn haphazardly about the floor. The bed sheets are pulled free of the mattress and shredded with my claws to look as though it was all done in haste.

It's not. It's all careful. I have to be quiet for the neighbors, and I have to be deliberate for myself, even if it does feel like watching someone else work.

The mattress is thrown askew as though someone had been digging for cash beneath it. The bathroom is mostly left alone, but pill bottles are dumped in the sink, looking like someone was hunting for something more interesting than aspirin. The top shelf of the closet is ransacked, with shoes tossed on the floor and the contents of my jewelry box tucked away in a backpack, along with Cheyenne's nice watch. I didn't care for the stuff, but I knew a burglar would.

The living room is more difficult. We have a TV, which a burglar would latch onto immediately. I'd planned for this, though, and the TV is set neatly by my door while I see to the rest of the room.

I tip over the speakers on their poles and scratch carefully crazed claw marks around their bases, a show of trying to detach them. They stay on the floor.

The bookshelf is dismembered as quietly as I can manage. Books are pulled off in armloads and scattered around on the floor. One from every armful is bent and torn, my heart aching to do so. A yearbook tweaks memories and is discarded. Paintings are removed from their hooks and tossed on top of the books.

The couch is shredded and exposed just as the bed had been. Nothing there, beneath those torn cushions.

The kitchen is next. I step quietly over the pile of books and head on in. There's a cursory pass of the fridge and cabinets: pushing glasses and food to the sides to expose the backs of them. My concession to looking hasty is to put a glass in a plastic bag and crush it under my foot, then scatter the shards over the counter and onto the floor. A very careful "whoops."

The garage had been my space, and is the last to get torn down. We'd rented half a duplex and paid extra for the side with the attached garage, which I'd claimed for all of my painting stuff, but which was under constant threat of being slowly consumed by junk.

I eviscerate my old camping gear. I trusted Cheyenne to never pull himself away from his computer long enough to even consider camping. So much time at the keyboard, so little to spend elsewhere; so much time spent on him, so little on anyone else.

My easel is easy to deal with: I just tip it over. The rickety thing clatters to pieces just shy of the front bumper of the car. A sketch of a painting, burgundy on black, tumbles askew. Boxes containing old clothes are turned out. A clock is broken most carefully.

Cheyenne and I, we'd never hidden anything together, but I have to look thorough.

On my own, though, I'd hidden cash. Just shy of twenty grand in a locking cash box disguised as a two-quart thermos tucked firmly into my old backpacking gear in the mess of our garage.

Or it had been. Now it was tucked into the car, just behind the driver's seat.

My life isn't completely unwound. Not yet. But I'm getting there.

I reach in the car and grab a bag of odds-and-ends fur sweepings. Little bits snagged here and there from shedding coworkers. Some from a grooming place. Even a bit from the mod shop's bin before I was shaved. I make a quick circle around the apartment, scattering fur on the most torn up bits


Here we go.

I climb in the car and hit the button to open the garage.

When I reverse over the TV, there's a delightful crunch. I can't smile without my newly branded cheeks burning, so I breathe satisfaction out on a sigh.


My paws ache all the way to Oregon. I had thought it would be pretty easy to slash up the inside of my car before I abandoned it, but they were tougher than I had imagined. I'd managed to come out of the experience without breaking any claws, at least.

Once the seats had been shredded, I carefully cut my finger along the side and smeared blood along the clawmarks. The car was trashed as I rolled it into a ditch. There was a tiny forest there, with crumpled cans and paper wrappers mixed in with the fallen leaves. After thinking for a moment, I squeezed out a few more drops of blood onto that garbage.

The bus driver had greeted me with the tired acknowledgement of a fox who had seen much worse than a sloppily dressed weasel with newly branded cheeks.

I'd never been on a long-distance bus trip. Cheyenne and I had never been wealthy, never higher than lower-middle class, and this wasn't helped by me having pretended to make fifteen-hundred less than I actually did a month at work, all that extra cash making its way into my thermos. A cross-country bus trip is unthinkable when you can fly, when you have a car.

But you can buy bus tickets with cash.

The seat is cramped. About what I'd expected, to be honest, but I wasn't prepared for this quite as much as I thought. No one sits next to me, but I still felt hemmed in on every side. I tell myself to just enjoy myself, enjoy this new life. This non-life. This life without history.

Hard to do when you are bumping down the road at sixty-five and no faster.

I use the toilet as little as possible.


I have made a huge mistake.

If I were a smarter lady, I would've spent more energy figuring out what to do once I got here than what I spent on that hour of unwinding my previous life.

I can stay here, of course. There's a long-stay hotel that doesn't side-eye my cash too much, and there's a little kitchenette in the room with a two-burner stove that's plenty for cooking for myself. Getting groceries with cash is as easy as expected.

But I can't get a job.

If I were a smarter lady, I'd've changed my name before leaving, keeping it a secret from Cheyenne as best as possible...but even that isn't smart. That would've tipped off investigators immediately. "Weasel changes name, weasels out of debt." I can only imagine the headlines once I was caught.

But I can't get a job.

I'm educated and all. I was a fantastic accountant, and it felt awesome to be one of the few who actually uses her college degree for what she does for a living and enjoys it. I worked for a few CPA offices and was on the short track to moving up at the last one. I'm fantastic with numbers, which is why I thought I had this all set.

But I just can't get a job.

No one is going to hire an accountant with no name. With no history, no verified skills, no bank account, no credit, no social security number. No one is going to hire even the smartest weasel to run numbers if that weasel doesn't legally exist---or is at least trying not to.

Fuck.

I can't get a job, I can't rent a place, I can't open another bank account. I can't even change my name, since that would mean engaging with my old identity, the one I'd tried to kill.

Fuck.

I can live here for a while. I ran the math on my recently-purchased calculator (cell phone was back in the car, of course---no more net for me, much as I can help it), and I can live here for maybe a year and a half. Longer, if I find a cheaper long-stay. At least I have time to try and fix this.


The proprietor, Adam, and I have been getting on surprisingly well.

He's a good guy, which I hadn't picked up on at first. I'd taken his silence while handing over my key as standoffishness. There was certainly an element of caution to it, but he's also just a quiet guy.

We exchanged nods daily for the first two weeks I lived here, then simple pleasantries for the next two. He came off as soft-spoken and content with where he was in life, and as far as I could tell, he was.

A week or so into my second month staying in that little studio, and he's invited me over to the patio behind the office (which I suppose is also his home) to discuss arrangements for the future.

"Discussing arrangements," however, has turned into sharing half a bottle of rum while sitting in deck chairs. The rum's fantastic, but comes out of a vodka bottle. The glasses are half-pint canning jars.

I can't decide if it's hipster or hippie, but the more I drink, the less it seems to matter.

"So." A pause to toss another cube of ice in his jar along with another inch of rum. "Why you out here?"

I hesitate and swirl my own glass around, letting the melting ice water down the rum. It's definitely overproof, and almost certainly homemade. "Needed out of where I was, I guess."


"I needed out of that life. I packed my stuff and left without a word."

"You seem like you ain't hurting for cash," he says.

"Well, no. I brought along enough to live out here for a while."

"Mm." He looks at me over the rim of his glass as he sips at his rum. Otter expressions, I'm discovering, are close to weasel ones, but use the whiskers more. The look isn't exactly crafty, but getting close, as he continues, "Problem with cash is no collateral. S'why I charge you up front."

I nod. It tallies.

"But you seem straight."

"Straight?" A smile tugs at the healing brands on my cheeks. They're starting to come in white.

He laughs, "I ain't making a pass at you, don't worry. Sex ain't a thing 'round here. Not for me, at least. Hell, maybe you like girls too. Not my business." He copies my swirl and we both enjoy the pleasant clinking of ice against glass. "No, I mean straight. You're a good lady. You're out here to get away, you say, and I trust that's all you're doing. No thieving, no running, you ain't in trouble."

I settle back into the deck chair and attempt to use that 'silence' technique I keep running into. He just grins.

"So what I'm asking is this. That number I said before?" He gestures behind himself, as though that's where the past is. "I'll cut it in half if you can do some work 'round here."

"Work?" I tilt my head, turning over ideas of what that'd entail.

"Sure. Work. What can you do to cut down your rent?"

"Uh, I can...I mean, I was an accountant. I can run your books, file taxes, that stuff."

The minute I say "taxes," Adam perks up and his whiskers bristle outward with his grin. "Deal. Sight unseen. I'm good at what I do, but that ain't taxes."

I laugh, I can't help it. "Half rent? For taxes?"

"Sure," he says, sounding content. "Run the books and handle taxes, and I'll halve your rent. You can take the desk some days if you want a bit more off."

I rub my paw over the short, bristly fur of my cheeks, a habit I picked up as it grew back in. The crisped, branded patches had largely been replaced by normal, soft fur, now growing in white. All the shaved spots were taking a while to grow in.

"A secretary, hmm?"

"Well, sure. It ain't grand. Accountant like you ain't gonna find anything grand without being legit."

At that I fall silent.

He continues, "Jobs these days, you need to be legit. You couldn't offer me anything but cash, not even an ID to hold. You needed out of life so bad, you left behind your legitimacy."

My silence becomes darker, seems to close in around me. Ears pinned back, eyes burning, muscles tensed, I try not to visibly panic in front of Adam.

"It's okay, though." He settles back into the Adirondack chair with a sigh. "You can get by without that. You're just gonna have to let go of the idea that you'll ever be a part of that world again. You might, but it's best to expect you won't."

From then on, it's silence. I cry as quietly as I can. Adam pours me another inch of rum and leans across the table between us to tip another ice cube into my jar.


Adam is set.

He owns his property outright, and is up-to-date on all his licenses. Business is good. "Half rent," for me, covers twice the cost of maintaining my studio---utilities, that share of property tax, everything.

And he's happy.


With my stay here nearly doubled, I've started exploring further into town.

We're a ways out from Portland: I could take the regional bus there in about an hour and a half, but I never do. Instead, I stick to this little town I wound up in, a town picked because I got too anxious about Portland and got off the bus at the stop before. Probably my best idea yet.

I'd just gone to the dinky supermarket before, but now I started taking walks. Originally, it had just been a "stretch the legs before shopping" exercise, but now I was even heading into town just to wander. There's a neat little caf with huge single-pane windows and a rocket stove that I've taken a liking to. Something about the impracticality of the windows combined with that adobe stove behind the bar tickles me. And as long as I stick to drip coffee, it's not too much out of my budget.

I even ventured to the lone grooming stop in town to get my cheeks checked up on. I had been worried that they'd be weirded out by them, but I was greeted by a punky opossum with a bright pink streak of fur from the tip of her snout down to the nape of her neck. She said my cheeks were looking good, then talked me into buying a tube of dye. She suggested pink, but I went for the blue instead.

I don't know why I did that. Being an accountant wasn't just an occupation for me. It was a whole identity. I bought into the smart pantsuits and that sensible jewelry, the latter of which was still in my suitcase, to mark my position hard-core. The tight grooming and the calm speed of numbers, that's who I was.

Now, I don't know. I have three pairs of jeans, a frowsy canvas skirt, and a bunch of long- and short-sleeved button up shirts and tees---only some of which fit well---I grabbed from a thrift store before this whole excursion began.

Maybe I just figured I'd own it. I got the cheek brands, after all; might as well get the dye, too.

Tonight, I'm dyeing a diamond shape into the white down my front. It'll sit just above my breasts, with a tendril curling down beneath them, and another tendril curling up over my front to my neck. I can hide it with a scarf if I need, but otherwise, it'll peek up from above my shirt. Just a little tease. One that could go "sexy" when I want, or just "artsy" otherwise.

The thought's actually quite embarrassing, but it's been a long time since sex. Cheyenne and I were pretty into it at first, but then it became routine, and then scarce. We hadn't fucked for a month before I took off, and since then I'd been too busy hiding to worry about it.

With this new arrangement with Adam, though, I don't know.

Maybe being a little sexy will be okay.


Holy shit, I may actually be able to pull this off. It'll be crazy, but maybe I can do it.

I guess Adam did some talking after I'd asked about more possibilities, and now I've got the owner of Starry Night, the town's little caf, as a "client" of sorts. He's having me do the taxes and help run the books. He even offered to let me run the till if things get busy. They haven't yet, but he's promised me it's still the off-season. Not cold enough to be winter, but not yet warm enough for holidays. He's not paying me anything close to livable, but with the deal I'm getting on rent, I might just be able to do this.

It's such a small town. It looks bigger than it is, since so many of these kitschy stores and homes have so much space around them. The market has a parking lot twice the size it needs.

There are folks living around the town in seclusion, I guess, but those who live in the town itself, who are the town, probably number in the low hundreds. Other than that, it's just a waypoint. Folks heading up to the mountains stop through and keep all the businesses going, but they never stay long. They're always on their way to more romantic locations or heading back through on their way back to the coast. The town itself holds together through the need to provide for all those who would only pass through. All those people on any one day, and it's still a small town.

I've started painting again, too. Starry Night has a drop ceiling and each tile is painted a different color. After I mentioned having been a painter in my "past life," Stefan, the owner, perked up and sent me home with a blank tile, along with a few crusty tubes of acrylic and a brush that hadn't been used in a while.

"Go nuts," he said, and so I did. Background of green and a symmetrical tree in black, limbs splitting into branches that became whisker-thin toward the edges of the tile. The leaves were vague suggestions of white that broke the symmetry. An idea of a tree. Just the type of stuff I painted up until four months ago.

Stefan loved it, and here I am working on my second tile.

This---working jobs all but off the grid, body mods, looking like a hippie---isn't what I'd pictured when I unwound my previous life. Now, when I look back on it, on all my planning and scheming, I don't think I had pictured anything.


I've taken to working mornings at Starry Night and heading back to Adam's after lunch to run the desk there. If it's needed, I can even head back to Starry Night after to help out a bit more. We're well into the busy season, so both the long-stay and the caf are happy for whatever help they can get. An accountant running the till is a weird fit, but at least I'm fast at it.

It's interesting to watch the ebb and flow of traffic through the town.

Starting about six in the morning, folks start trickling into town, but within an hour, it becomes busy, then frenetic. From there, it climbs steadily until about nine-thirty, dips for an hour, then picks up for lunch.

I head out by one thirty or two to dash back to Adam's and start getting folks checked in and out while Adam does property stuff. Usually, he's out repairing the drive to the units (and the little one-room cabins in back, one of which I now inhabit). He's intensely focused on that drive; he's talked with me about the upkeep and maintenance of a dirt road for an hour or more on multiple occasions. I don't drive anymore, so I just have to trust him.

Things clear up by five, and sometimes I head back to Starry Night. At that point, it's mostly a social thing. If I'm not chilling out back of the office with Adam, I'm here at the caf. If not either, I'm painting. I've gotten about a third of the ceiling tiles done.

The movement of people is fascinating up close, following the ways in which people move and change throughout the day. The before-coffees and the nine-AM-bounces and the post-lunch-siesta. The perking of ears and the bristling of whiskers. The droop of tails and stifled yawns.

When you zoom out, though, it's grains of sand just below high tide. The tide rolls in, and there's a chaotic dance of spiraling movement. Each wave brings cars cycling around parking lots, small collisions of bodies, crimped tails, tantrums weighing down parents.

And then tide rolls out, and the town settles back down into its ground state. Grains of sand compact nicely when left to dry, a comfortable stasis until the next high tide.

In the midst of it all, the regulars provide a sense of weight, anchoring high and low tide to provide a sense of continuity. There's Adam, of course, and Stefan. I suppose I'm slipping into that role too. We are the wave-polished stones.

And then there's Cheyenne.

We've only talked once or twice in earnest, her voice familiar and quiet, but I watch her every day. She has a table all but reserved in the corner of Starry Night, farthest from the door but right in the elbow of two of those ridiculous single-pane windows. To her left, one window looks out over the parking lot and, across the street, the parking lot of the market. In front of her, three trees that have been planted too close to each other, forming a tiny grove between Starry Night and the back fence.

She wafts in around six thirty and orders a latte, a soda water, and a pot of hot water for her and one of the teabags riding shotgun in her jacket pocket. If her table isn't free, she'll sip her latte at the bar until it is, and then set up camp.

She drinks the latte first, then the soda water, then the tea.

Once she's finished the soda water, she pulls out a pen and either a book or a stack of printouts and a clipboard. I've never figured out what she does for work, but she's always either taking notes or marking up printouts. A teacher, perhaps? An author? Editor?

At noon, she orders another soda water and another pot of hot water for the second teabag. Some days she'll pull out a sack lunch, some days she'll order something from me---we serve a few simple sandwiches---in her comfortable contralto.

She eats the lunch first, then drinks the soda water, then the tea.

Once she's finished the soda water, she settles back into the chair and stares out the windows. Mostly, she just looks at the trees, but sometimes she'll rest a cheek on her fist and look out toward the market, her long canine ears canted cozily back. Something about the sight always has me watching her in turn. Something familiar, cozy.

Then the coyote gets back to work, and, before long, I duck out to help Adam. On the few occasions I've stayed, Cheyenne will close out the shop with us, saying little but saying it kindly. Her silences, I expect, are a matter of course. They are absolute, and absolutely part of her. A stillness I can only dream of.

I've never seen her out of the shop, but I think about her every time I walk or bus back home. I'll have inevitably forgotten by the time I get inside, though, as she's context-shifted around a corner of my mind.


I'd imagined I'd done such a good job of cleansing my life of who I used to be when I left, that each time I'm confronted by something I'd accidentally brought along, it's jarring, or even frightening.

Undergarments had been the first such instance. I hadn't thought to grab any new panties before leaving town. This was probably fine, I reasoned, because anything missing would have been noticed. Unfortunately, this left me with only one pair---the ones I left in---and I'd had to visit the "essentials" aisle of the supermarket early on to grab a pack of bland panties. They fit so poorly, I'd largely stopped wearing any.

What had me jittery, though, was seeing that old pair every time I did laundry. One last reminder that I'm no longer who I was.

I threw them out soon after.

Each time I come across some remnant, it reminds me of what I've done, in a very tangible way, even if not necessarily why. The "why" had already begun to blur on the bus ride, and I've never been able to make it gel again.

It's not always negative, this process, but it's never positive. Other than a few useful items---the jewelry, for instance , kept for something pawnable in an emergency---I throw everything I find away almost as soon as I find it, stopping only to destroy it for the catharsis. It's all too much risk to keep around.

Thus me, crouched on my haunches behind Starry Night, hyperventilating as I try to destroy my old driver's license.

How this had escaped me before was something of a mystery. An actual legal document bearing my actual legal name, tucked within my old wallet in the back of my suitcase, was not something I should have missed.

This caromed straight into fear. Into terror. Into that agonizing sickness that settles into one's gut and closes off one's throat. I'd stopped crying as much, recently, and started smiling more, but I'm on the verge of panicked tears now.

I can't say what made me tuck the wallet into a pocket at the start of the day. It was an interesting artifact, perhaps, nothing big or important, that I decided to keep on some whim. The credit cards that had once filled it lay scattered by my abandoned car back home, after all, so I figured it must be safe.

The license won't tear. That was my first instinct, but my pads had slip off the slick plastic too easily, and my claw tips only scrabble ineffectually at its surface.

I can bend it, at least, and I crease it this way and that in an attempt to fatigue the plastic enough that maybe I can snap it. ID cards are, apparently, designed to last, and despite repeated folds, I can't get enough of a grip to tear the card, much less snap it, though the ink along the crease fades and warps into whiteness. I don't have the leverage necessary to crease along my name, however.

This isn't working.

I stuff my wallet back into my pocket and dash over to the dumpster, flipping up the lid. I had intended to tear up the license and toss it in with the coffee grounds and banana peels, but the thought of it slipping out of the dumpster or falling out of the trash truck feels inescapable. With all the people going through the caf during the day, though, there has to be...

I tear through two of the shop's thin garbage bags before I find what I'm looking for: a cheap plastic lighter, yellow and scuffed.

The rasp of the wheel against the flint sends my whole paw to buzzing, the snap of the spark too loud for my frazzled nerves.

I flick at the lighter a few more times. It's almost certainly dead, thrown away for a reason, so I just have to hope there's enough fluid in there.

The flame finally catches, only barely peeking above the rim of the lighter.

It'll have to do.

Holding my breath and struggling to still my shaking paws, I carefully bring my driver's license above the tiny flame, letting the diffuse glow settle beneath the photo of my face, the weasel there looking startled, backlit by flame. The plastic browns, sags, then starts to char and bubble. By the time the smoke, reeking of burning plastic, starts to make me cough, the image of my face and much the identifying details have melted away, the ink burnt off by the low flame of the lighter.

Motion in the shadows cast against the dumpster catches my eye and I whirl around, Cheyenne startling back a half-step at my sudden movement. We stare, uncomprehending, at each other for a moment.

"I---" I croak. "Hey."

"Hey, uh...you okay back here?"

I look around, down to my mangled license and the shitty yellow lighter in my paw, back to the coyote, struggling to come up with an explanation. A half-truth is the best I can manage. "Needed to, uh...expired credit card and all. Melting it, I mean."

The quotidian mundanity of such an activity seems to click things into place for the coyote. She perks up and smiles, "I'd never thought of melting them before, I always just cut them into little pieces."

The lighter is finally starting to cool down in my paw after it's extended use, which is good, given how much I keep fiddling with it. "Couldn't find my scissors once I got out here, figured this would work."

She nods, squints toward my paws, then back up to me. "You from Idaho?"

I gape, crumpling the license as best I can within my hand.

"Just looked like my old card, I mean."

I do my best to keep my ears from flattening and tail bristling, only to catch myself panting. So much for acting cool. "I...yeah," I gasp. "Moved a while back."

"Hey, no stress. I won't pry," Cheyenne laughs, holding up her paws disarmingly.

I manage a smile, hoping it's convincingly embarrassed. "Sorry," I say, stuffing the lighter and warped card back into the garbage bag, before hauling the whole thing back into the dumpster. "I guess it's just a weird thing to get caught doing."

Head tilted, Cheyenne grins at me a moment longer, then shrugs. "I guess, yeah. See you inside?"

I nod, struggling to calm my breathing as I watch her round the corner to the front of the shop with a flick of her tail.

When I make it back inside to prep her usual latte, Cheyenne smiles at me. I beam back to her.

Something about the encounter by the dumpster has left me feeling giddy. Perhaps it was the thrill of nearly being caught, or maybe the relief of being rid of the thing. It's one fewer identifying thing about me that I need to worry about, after all; and beyond that, it got Cheyenne laughing.

Why that makes me so happy in turn is beyond me.


My brush-strokes are confident, each one is a smooth arc describing edges and boundaries, or perhaps reinforcing color.

The tile had been given to me burgundy, and I'd chosen to leave it that way, painting within that dark red surface rather than covering it up. I painted in black, and I painted only shadows, not details, as though the scene were blown out towards white and the contrast turned to a hundred percent.

It had started as an abstract gesture of a face, angular and canine, but had slowly headed toward something more concrete. Not realistic, but perhaps something from a comic. Hard-edged lines, but true to form with no liberties taken.

Cheyenne at her table as seen from the espresso machine, cheek on fist, staring out of frame. The shape of her muzzle, the tilt of her ears, both familiar and new.

My brush-strokes are confident. Black and red, no need for another color.

"Season's winding down."

"Mmm."

Adam laughs and shakes his head, plopping down, then melting further into the deck chair.

"S'good to see you painting, you know."

"Mmm." I perk up as my mind parses meaning out of those sounds, and then flatten my ears. "Sorry. I got kinda into it. What'd you say before?"

"Said season's winding down."

"Yeah, seems like," I offer as I carefully shift the painting off the table to lay it flat on the ground next to me, replacing the bucket of ice in its spot. My poor-weasel's easel of the table between us returns to its former state as drinking space. I pour us both a drink.

The otter has moved on from rum and is now trying his paw at whiskey. We've been cycling through batches over the last few weeks. The taste is far sweeter than I would've expected, but Adam says he doesn't have the cuts quite right yet.

In my mouth, ice machine ice and homemade whiskey jockey for space with words. "Wha's li' in off 'easong?"

"Eh?"

I crunch down on the ice and brave the brain freeze to say more clearly, "What's it like in the off season?"

"Same but slower," Adam says, chuckling down to his glass. "Way slower, some days. You got here before season started, but weren't really here in the middle of off-season. I'll probably beg your help deep-cleaning some of the units."

"Sure thing, boss." I laugh as that gets me an ice-cube to the face. "Fine. Sure thing, master."

Adam makes as though he'll throw the whole bucket of ice at me, before we both settle back into our chairs with jars of whiskey and ice, grinning. In the silence, I paint my claws idly with the black acrylic left on the brush from my work on the ceiling tile. The condensation off the glass thins the paint and it starts to seep into my fur. My paws are covered with the stuff anyway.

The silence goes from comfortable to expectant, and when I look up, Adam's adopted a vaguely confused look with whiskers smoothed back, which he's directed toward his all-important drive. Just as I'm about to brush it off, he asks, "How'd you leave?"

Anxiety brushes up against me, breaking through the veneer of calmness. It takes me a bit to respond, and I try to fill that space by nervously stirring the ice into my white whiskey. "If I just say 'very carefully', will that be enough?"

The otter's expression softens and he shrugs against the back of his chair. "I s'pose. Doesn't mean I don't still want to know."

"I just...I don't know. I spent a lot of time thinking about all the different parts there were of my life and thinking about what I'd be without them." I brush my paws over my cheeks, heedless of the paint. My fur has almost grown back completely, and the freeze-brand has indeed come in white. Still, it's become a habit. "And then I just set a date and went around to all those parts one by one, turning them off or throwing them away."

"No going back, then?"

"Not if I want to stay out of jail." I don't think this is true, but it sounds good.

"So you turned off or trashed all these parts of who you were," Adam mumbles, pouring himself another inch of whiskey. "What's left?"

I don't answer.

I don't have an answer.

When I think about it, there's just nothing there. It's like trying to see the inside of my eyelids. Just nothing there. I tore down what I was without any thought of what would be left. Even my license, that last proof of me-that-was, had long since burned. There was nothing after that. It was more a form of suicide than I'd wanted to admit.

Finally, I shrug. "Just me, I guess."

Adam laughs at this and stretches his legs out, splaying webbed toes. "Fair enough. You do a good job around here, though. It feels like you belong now. I don't know what you were like before, but you were scared out of your whiskers when you got here. Now you're just you."

"A punky weasel living off the grid in a hippie town?"

"That too, yeah. Took you a while to grow into the punky bit, but you're getting there."

My turn to laugh. "Just missing the get-up, I guess. Second-hand shirts and jeans miss the mark a little."

"Mmhm. And you ought to get a piercing." Adam slides out of the chair and stands, using his thick tail to give the leg of the table a thwack. "And it's good to see you painting."


For the first few months I was here, I'd get a little twitch in my paw when someone mentioned something off the Internet. A twitch in my paw and a little shift inside me at a sudden-yet-averted context-shift. I could look that up, I'd think. I could answer their question, or laugh at their picture.

For a while, I'd countered it with lies. An "Oh yeah, ha ha" here and a "Yeah, I saw that" there. The anxiety that I'd mess up and be called out got to be too much for me, though, and I switched from that to nervous silence.

I replaced that twitch early on with the gesture of brushing back over my cheeks. At first, it was obvious why: when I got to town, my face was still freshly shaved, and for the first few weeks, the freezer-burnt marks of the brand were plain. Soon, though, it became more of a habit than a coping mechanism. I'd brush my pads over the fur and feel the edges of the shaving, and once they became imperceptible, I'd trace my claws through fur, trying to sense where the brown fur ended and the white, branded fur started.

Anything---anything---to keep from touching the Internet. It would be too easy for me to just log back on. The temptation to peer into a life that no longer existed was too great. My very existence here in this town depends on that life no longer existing. I'd destroyed it, and destroyed all that tied me to its remains.

And yet here I am, panicking in the bathroom at Starry Night.

There's a soft tap at the door, and I rush to straighten my skirt and apron, peeking in the mirror to make sure I haven't visibly cried.

Cheyenne's there when I open the door, standing a scant few inches taller than I.

"Sorry, I'm..." I shake my head. "I'm all done."

The coyote tilts her head quizzically, a movement that brushes against old memories. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I am." I stand up straighter and smile apologetically to her. "I will be."

We slide past each other and I make my way behind the bar again, busying myself with wiping down the already-clean espresso machine, just to give my paws something to do. Not many people ordering coffee at six at night. This late in the season, the sun sets early too.

Stefan hikes himself up onto the bar, the wolf's tail flagging off to the side. "You alright there, kiddo?"

"Yeah." I nod eagerly, then decide eagerness isn't what I should be going for, and turn it into a shrug. "Just stomach stuff. Nerves, maybe." I laugh, and it sounds too loud.

"You bolted right off, yep. Anything bring it on?"

I look around, checking on the occupants. We're down to me and Stefan, a young fox couple, and Cheyenne of course. "Just...just something a customer...something that bear said. Or saw. I don't know."

Stefan's brow furrows, and I watch as the his tailtip tap arhythmically against the wall where it joins the bar. "Saw? How do you mean?"

"He had a tablet, and I guess I caught a glimpse. He was talking about it to someone. Someone on the phone."

"Mm, yeah, I remember. What'd you see?"

"I saw my---" My words catch in my throat. I saw my husband. I saw my name. I saw the picture from my ID. "I saw my hometown."

The wolf grins and leans back on his paws. "Home, eh? You don't seem like the girl who's eager to go back."

At this, I laugh in earnest. "No.Not at all."

"What about it piqued your interest, then?"

I hide my racing thoughts with a shrug, and come up with a half-truth: "The headline had the word 'police' in it."

Nodding, Stefan slips down from his perch on the bar. "Fair enough. Weird day in here, anyway. I'mma close down after this---" he gestures vaguely toward the customers, "So feel free to head out whenever you want."

I think of the bus back to Adam's and being alone with my thoughts. I could walk, but that'd just mean more time turning that glimpse of an article---something about "police" and my old name, something about how long it had been---over and over in my head. "I'll stick around, help clean up and stuff."

Stefan shrugs, "Sure thing. Maybe I'll take off early, then. You okay closing up?"

"Mmhm," I nod, tamping down anxiety with a jokey grin. "Wipe everything down, put all the food away, put the chairs up, steal all the money from the drawer..."

The wolf laughs. "No more than ten percent, please. And girlie," he reaches out and pinches my ear between his claws. "Get your ears pierced with all sorts of crap or something so you can turn into a real punk. You're too wholesome-looking to be thieving."

"Adam suggested the same thing. This town must be in sore need of a punk."

"Yeah, all we've got is Cheyenne."

The coyote flips him off without even looking away from her book. He laughs.


Stefan's really good at disappearing when he's not needed at work anymore. If he doesn't have to be there for closing, he'll be nowhere to be found.

Oh well, that's fine. I don't imagine I'll be here much longer anyhow.

I start by cleaning down the bar and arranging all those bottles of flavored syrup for the drinks. Next comes flipping over the "open" sign and wiping down the empty tables, stacking chairs upside-down atop them.

The fox couple picks up on the hint quickly and we settle their tab.

I make a quick pass of the bathroom, but it's clean enough as is, so I mostly just wipe down the sink.

Back out in the caf, I turn off the soft indie pop on the house speakers, and then something clicks within me.

I clutch at the edge of the bar as all of those emotions, eight or nine months of them, crash into me. All those months of living in at least some state of fear, all those days of holding back on feeling anything else, they all add up to time past-me only borrowed. All those past-due feelings make themselves felt now.

My grip on the bar tightens as I gasp out a stifled cry, and then I'm crumpling to the floor, wedged between the milk fridge and the end of the bar where Stefan had been sitting only a half hour ago. Anxiety crescendos into panic, and then far, far beyond that. My muscles are tensing, and my perception of the world, my entire awareness, is shrinking to something the size of a coin, chalk-white pain smelling of snow.

I come to on my side, gasping for air and choking on sobs. I'd been sobbing the whole time, apparently, as my cheeks and the sleeve of my shirt are soaked. Drooling too, from the looks of it.

My body hasn't figured out how to move, yet, but I can see a dark, angular shape above me. I try to push away, but all I can manage is to tense up further.

"Hey, hey, chill. It's okay." Cheyenne. It has to be.

"Mmnglh."

"Let's get you upright, at least a little. See if you can stand." She helps lever me up until I'm leaning back against the bar. "Come on, legs out. You uh...you fell over. Let's at least get your legs in front of you."

I can't figure out how to work my voice, so I just continue to moan and sob as the coyote helps get my skirt untangled and my limbs out from under me. She slips her paws up under my arms and starts to lift.

"N-nnn," I manage and clutch at her arms---far too tightly, if her wince is anything to go by. Too filled with terror, too struck by a sense of impending death to control myself.

She relents and settles back down, then gives into my tugging and slips her arms around my shoulders instead. There's a little uneven rocking motion as she slides her legs out from under her, and then she's drawing me in against her.

I don't really know how long I stay like that. The only thing describing the passage of time is my sobbing. Cheyenne is a warm bulk against me, something to wrap my arms around, some bit of stability. She doesn't coo or shush, just rests her head against mine in silence. A kind, patient silence. A silence with no expectations.

Eventually, I run out of sobs, and settle into a gentle, almost calm sort of crying. Cheyenne gives me a bit more time before carefully leaning back. Letting our arms slip from the embrace at least enough so that she can look at me. Her smile's kind, rather than pitying. "Come on, let's get you up, okay?"

My joints are loose hinges, too well oiled. Finding a way to be upright without wobbling onto the floor again proves difficult. It takes a few tries, but I wind up with my butt parked against the edge of the bar, tail crimped behind me. I leave my shoulders leaning forward to maintain my grip on Cheyenne. I'm loath to let go of her, so it takes another fumbling second for me to find a way to do so.

"Sorry," I croak.

She shakes her head and rests her paws on my shoulders. Once she's sure I'm steady, she steps away and grabs a plastic to-go cup from beneath the bar and fills it at the sink. She takes one of my paws in hers and guides my fingers around the cup, making sure I'm holding on before she lets go. "Drink. You cried yourself empty."

I nod and sip at the water. It feels too full in my mouth. Too thick. It slides around like oil. When I swallow, I realize how thirsty I truly am, and finish the rest of the cup in one go.

Cheyenne, meanwhile, finishes closing up; all that was left was her table, so there's just two chairs to put up.

I refill my cup from the tap and straighten up, trying to dispel the wobbliness in my hips and knees, to shake off the dark sense of panic. "Thanks Cheyenne, you didn't have to---"

"But you're in no shape to," the coyote cuts me off, laughing. She tucks her book and papers back in her bag and slips back behind the bar again. Shrugging her bag's strap up further, she snakes an arm around my back. "Let's get you home, though, okay? You good to walk?"

"Mmhm. I can take the bus, though. Don't need to walk."

"I meant to my car. I'll get you home."

If I open my mouth, I'll start crying, so I just nod.


Cheyenne's car is very...her.

I don't really know how to put it otherwise. It's sensible, as she is; it's filled with books and stacks of paper, as her bag is; it's not messy, but it's got a lot going on beneath its simple exterior, like her.

Still sniffling, I wait as she moves a sheaf of papers held together with a binder clip from the passenger seat to the back. Then I swipe my tail and skirt out of the way and slouch into the seat, clumsily clicking the seatbelt in place with one paw, the other still holding the half-full cup of water.

The car smells of her too. My nose is doing about as well as anyone's would after so much crying, but I can tell that much. It smells like when she held me. It smells familiar, like something from years ago. Years and years. I have to swallow down a rising wave of guilt and terror.

The coyote settles into the driver's seat and gets all buckled in before giving my thigh a squeeze in her paw. "Adam's, right?" she asks, smiling. "One of the cabins?"

I nod. "Thanks again for driving me."

Cheyenne waits until she's reversed out of her spot and turned onto the road before answering. "No way I'm letting you walk, and goodness knows I know how awful crying alone on a bus is."

"Yeah, probably not a good look," I say. I can't quite laugh yet, but I do manage a sort of "heh."

"You are a bit of a mess."

I look down over my shirt and skirt. They're both rumpled. My shirt's still damp from my tears, and my skirt has picked up a stain from the floor behind the bar---probably old coffee. I can only imagine how my face looks. I grin. "Fair."

I let Cheyenne drive as I focus on rehydrating. I want to just gulp down the water, but I've made enough of a mess of myself tonight. No sense risking a spill. Probably better for me that way, anyway.

It's about a forty-five minute walk from Adam's to Starry Night, and about twenty-five on the bus. I never realized how long the bus took, though, as it takes us less than ten minutes to get back to the long-stay. I laugh at the thought.

"What's up?" Cheyenne says, pulling into the dirt-road drive, heading around the back of the suites toward the cabins.

"Just thinking. First time I've been in a car here. Only ever ridden the bus or walked."

Cheyenne grins and pulls into a space in front of the cabin I point out. "Bit faster, yeah. Still, it's a pretty enough walk."

The car turning off leaves us in relative silence, my ears buzzing in my stuffed-up head from the lack of noise. My thoughts seem to be surrounding a blank space. Circling and swirling around it, around nothing. A black pit containing all the things I could think about my old life, of being discovered, of having to go back.

"Hey." Cheyenne. She's smiling. That's a good thing to think about instead, that smile. "Let's get you inside."

I fumble for my buckle and start to protest, but stop before I say anything. The coyote, the scent of her, it's all so comforting; might as well let her help. A few more moments together, at least.

Cheyenne levers herself out of her seat and strides quickly around the front of the car. I've got the door open by then, but there she is, ready to help me out of the bucket seat. I grin, feeling bashful, and take her offered paw.

She's got a bit of a wag going on, too, but I try not to read too much into that.

I lean on her as we walk the handful of steps to the door of the cabin. Once there, I fish in my apron pocket for my keys---I'd taken to wearing my work apron with the skirt for the utility of pockets---and let myself in.

Let us in. No discussion about whether she's coming in, too. She just is.

I flip on the lights and cringe, both at the sudden brightness against the dusk outside and the mess. I've been using my suitcase as my clean clothes drawer since I moved in. It's just got a day's worth of clothes in it, though. Next to it on one side is a pile of dirty clothes, and on the other, a folding drying rack holding a pair of jeans, a shirt, and two pairs of panties hanging off the corners.

Fuck.

I turn to apologize to the coyote, but she hasn't noticed the laundry at all. Doesn't even seem to notice me.

I follow her gaze, then cringe in earnest.

Fuck.

"Holy shit. Those paintings are yours?"

"Yes," I say, trying not to sound too humiliated.

"The coyote?"

I can't come up with a reply. We stand in expectant silence: Cheyenne's eyes locked on the paints and ceiling tile, burgundy, with her silhouette in black; and me, with my eyes locked on the floor and my tail tucked in against my leg.

She turns, mouth open to ask again, when I grab at her paw and rush to cut her off.

"Yes, I mean. Yes. You're just...you're just always there." My eyes well up with tears---I'm surprised I have any left---as words keep coming, and I keep holding onto her paw. "You're just always there and so familiar and I don't know--- They let me paint the ceiling, and I don't know--- I should've asked, I'm sorry--- I don't know, you're just one of the only constants in my stupid fucking life and I didn't even talk to you until I---"

"Whoa, hey!" she says, raising her voice to cut off my stream of babbling. She looks startled, but not angry. "It's totally okay but---hey..."

I've started crying in earnest again. Looking a fool, standing there holding a girl's paw, tears pouring down your cheeks. I manage a strangled laugh, though it's caught up in a sob. Looking fucking crazy.

Perhaps as an echo from the caf, Cheyenne takes charge. She guides me over to my bed and sits me down on it before settling in next to me and just holding me, arms around my shoulders.

It doesn't last long, and doesn't get a tenth as bad as the crush of panic at Starry Night, but it still takes me a few minutes to get to the point where I can speak again. "Sorry, Cheyenne." I pace myself, so I don't just start babbling again. "Didn't mean to do that. Just such a mess today. My life's a mess, and it all hit at once."

"Tell me a bit about your life, then," she asks, low voice kind. "I want to hear."

I feel my face tighten in an ugly rictus, teeth bared and whiskers bristled. It's been months, but the freeze-brand scars over my cheeks give a twinge of protest. "There's nothing." As the sobs pick up again, dry now, I have to eke out words between. "There's nothing there. I'm just...paper. Paper thin with no substance. No substance at all." I trail off and take a few gulping breaths to calm myself, forcing my expression into mere hopelessness, rather than that grimace of self-loathing.

Cheyenne watches me, and, after I've gotten my crying under control, opens her mouth as though to say something, then seems to think better of it and leans in to kiss me instead.

I jolt and tense up. I hold my breath. My mind goes blank. That sensation of being about to cry fills my chest, never mind the fact that I'd already crying.

Then I just lean into the kiss. Return it. No discussion about it; it feels familiar, fulfilling. I'm calm. Still at last.

Cheyenne seems comfortable taking the lead, using her paws and subtle shifts of her weight to guide me to lay back on the bed. Once I'm there, she leans up from the kiss and grins down to me with just a hint of silliness. "You feel substantive to me."

I'm wrong-footed by this and it takes a moment to parse. Once it clicks, though, I giggle. "Thanks." I feel stupid just leaving it at that, though, and add, "That was nice."

"Mmhm." Still grinning, she leans into give me another quick kiss, then moves to kneel on the edge of the bed, tugging me by the paw. "Come on. Scoot."

I laugh and swipe at my face with the sleeve of my shirt---I must look a mess after all of this. Still, I scoot further up onto the bed at the coyote's bidding. "Alright, alright. How come?"

Cheyenne shrugs, her grin softening into a kind smile. "I got you thinking less about whatever's up with your life, right? I hope so, at least." I nod, and she continues, "The least I could do is also let you be comfortable on your bed instead of half hanging off of it."

"Good point," I laugh and haul myself up onto the bed, flopping back against the pile of pillows. I'd bought more once it was clear I was staying here a while, and I'm thankful for it now.

Cheyenne moves too; as I make room, she moves up onto the bed to kneel next to me. "Doing better?"

"Yeah, thank you." After a moment's thought, I ask, "Why'd you do that?"

The coyote frowns down to me, ears splayed in embarrassment. "I wanted to. It felt like it would work, and like it would be okay. I should have asked, though. I'm sorry."

"No!" I realize how loud that was and smile sheepishly up to her. "No, it was nice. Real nice."

That slightly silly grin comes back, tugging on buried memories. Memories of a latrans smile. "Good," she says, leaning in to press another kiss to my muzzle. I return this one more readily than the last, sliding my arms up around her shoulders.

This goes over quite well. Cheyenne seems to have taken it as a sign, and leans down over me more assertively, paws planted to either side of my shoulders. After a moment's hesitation, she leans up a little further onto her knees and shifts one up over me until she's straddling my waist. She's bigger than me, weighs more than I do. Maybe it's the way she carries herself, but her weight is more comforting than heavy.

"Wait," I murmur, twisting my head slightly to pull away from the kiss.

Cheyenne immediately tenses up, ears canting back. "Uh, sorry, I don't---"

"No, no. You're fine," I mumble, searching for words. "Don't know why...why this is...doing what it is. Working. Stopping me from crying and all. Taking my mind off stuff."

She stays silent above me. An expectant silence she waits for me to fill.

I hunt for words as best I can. "Maybe I just...I don't know. I haven't touched---or been touched by---anyone since I made it out here. Before that, even. It feels dumb to say, I guess."

Cheyenne gives a short bark of a laugh at that, then lays her ears back again apologetically. "Sorry. You mean not at all?"

"Well, sure, I mean. I shook paws with Adam and Stefan, whatever. I've touched, yeah, but just nothing like this."

At that her expression softens and she nods. "Been a while, huh?"

I nod.

"And this is okay?"

I nod again and lean up to give her a quick kiss. "Yeah, very."

She nods, muzzle dipping to turn that motion into something of a nuzzle, and I can feel her nose tracing along one of those white bands of fur on my cheek, then under my chin, dipping down to tease at the coil of blue fur---faded now to a pale aqua---peeking up above the scoop-neck of my shirt. Her soft, low voice is muffled by my fur. "This is okay, too?"

Without tucking my muzzle uncomfortably low, all I can really see are her ears, so I lean forward to place a kiss between them, fur and familiar scent tickling at my nose. "Mmhm." I've given up saying more.

Cheyenne responds with a kiss of her own against my sternum. It's a ticklish sort of feeling, and my squirming gets a giggle, muffled as before against my chest. She settles down from her crouch above me, bringing her paws from by my shoulders to brush along my sides as she rests more fully against my front. I slip my own arms from around her until it's just my paws on her shoulders.

The sheer exhilaration of physical contact seems to be filling my mind---or at least that empty void within that I've only been able to tiptoe around---with something new. Something else. Something other than low-level anxiety. I can close my eyes and not wind up in some horrible hopelessness. I don't have to think, I can just be here. Goodness knows why, but I can just be here.

I jolt to awareness from my wandering thoughts and tense up, and Cheyenne's paws pause halfway up my sides. Her fingers and claws are buried in my fur with t-shirt cloth bunched around her wrists. We both hold still in that silence, a few long seconds of just our breaths. For once I don't rush to fill it with words, and simply settle back down, relaxing into her grasp.

The coyote hesitates a moment longer before edging her paws upward further, inching shirt up over fur. Keeping my paws on her shoulders as best as possible, I arch my back enough to let her slide my shirt up.

The exploration continues in fits and starts from there. Kisses along the blue diamond and down over my chest. Cheyenne shifting her weight. Me tugging my shirt off to keep it out of the way. Soft coyote nose tracing spirals in my fur. One lasting sensation, a singular point of focus.

The skirt, though, requires coordination. Cheyenne and I have to exchange a few glances, one or two half-words, and some soft giggles before the garment winds up bunched around my waist, spilling in pools of cotton to either side of me. And then there we are: me, with shirt off but for one arm still stuck through a sleeve, skirt bunched around her waist; and Cheyenne, looking nervous but excited, wagging as she looks up at me along my front over a pile of rumpled skirt.

"So uh..." I begin.

"Mm?"

"Mm."

Soft noises. Gestures of paws. The warmth of a tongue, slender and attentive. Finely-tapered coyote muzzle. Lithe, arched weasel back. Quiet moans and subtle shifts to express what works and what doesn't. Paws finding places to rest, to touch, to brush and stroke.

And then something new, something different clicks within me. A rising swell of pleasure, and a sudden, uneven tumble of memories. A shuddering gasp and an attachment of name to place to time. A contraction, then relaxation of muscles and a line drawn between two points. A connection.

Panting to catch my breath, and glimpses of high school, of nervous first times. Memories of a muzzle and an attentive tongue. That same muzzle, that same tongue

A warm glow, and a name surfacing to memory.

I collapse back onto the bed, slack, and stare down over my front. Cheyenne stares back just as intently shifting her weight forward once more, retracing her route of kisses in double time.

"Wait, you're---"

"Cheyenne. I'm Cheyenne."

I start to speak, but she cuts me off.

"I'm Cheyenne. You're you."

I swallow compulsively, feel fear caving in my insides, terror at having been recognized, caught. "But you were...we---"

"I know who you were, and you know who I was, but I'm Cheyenne. You're you."

I fall silent, paws clutching at the duvet in search of something solid. Cheyenne leans up for the final kiss, more tender than heated, more earnest than fumbling. I smell her, and taste myself.


"We all have reasons to disappear," Cheyenne murmurs.

We've settled back onto that stack of pillows I've collected. My skirt's still bunched up between us, but I've managed to toss my shirt to the side. She's gotten her arms around me once more and her cool nosetip is teasing along those brands again from where she lays beside me.

"I suppose," I begin, then shake my head as if to throw away a bit of the non-speech. "So you came out west and transitioned out here."

A faint nod, nose exploring a line perpendicular to the stripes of my brands. "I tried back home, a bit after high school and, uh...us. My heart was half out here by then anyway, though, and no one wants a mopey, trans coyote, least of all my parents."

I nod. There's still that hint of a name---I can think it, but would have a hard time saying it---and that memory of a tapered muzzle between my thighs.

Memories from nigh on twenty years ago.

A high school fling. Two dates, a night together, and drifting apart. She had seemed so uncomfortable with herself. We'd... Well, tonight had more than made up for that.

"And you?"

"Mm?"

"Why'd you disappear?"

"I don't know."

Cheyenne lifts her head a little, a hint of a grin turning the corner of her mouth. "You don't know?"

"I don't." I tilt my head to press my nose to hers. "I think that's what got me today. I saw that thing on the news. About Cheyenne, about myself. About home."

She nods, nose against nose and stifling a yawn.

"And I just don't know why," I murmur. "I unwound all of that life and came here, and I think, when I saw it, I realized I don't know why I did it."

"Were you happy, back home?"

"No."

Cheyenne tucks her muzzle up under my jaw and hugs her arm around me a little tighter. "Neither was I."

I brush my fingers across her arm, plowing a furrow in gray-tan fur, then smoothing it back down. I push down memories of that gawky and shy coyote, and revel instead in the comfort of Cheyenne.

So many months of panic following so many years of discontent. So much time alone. And now, comfort and peace.

Muzzle tucked over hers, I ask, "What about me did you remember?"

"Your paintings."

"Have I changed that much?"

"I mean, you looked like someone who could've been, uh, who you were. But it was your paintings." She yawns in earnest. "The lines. The shapes."

The burgundy-and-black ceiling tile is behind me. I think of looking, of disentangling myself from the coyote's arms, but there's something much better here in front of me.

"And you?" Cheyenne sounds sleepy. "What tipped you off about me?"

I think of all the things I could say---the warmth of her breath, the trail of kisses, the way her nose drew lines through my fur. The way she rested her cheek on her paw, staring out the window. The softness of her form. Her very scent.

We lay together in silence. A comfortable silence. The first in a long time.
The badger looms over a small table, the short sleeve of her smock tugged down toward the table by a glass candy thermometer. A deck of colorful cards rest neatly stacked on its surface.

Contrary to expectations, the room is bright and spacious. No hint of incense or dark velour drapes, just a simple living room in a simple home, a simple badger and some simple cards. She can't be older than fifty, and she's of a more motherly bent than a mystical one.

More motherly than my mother, at least, I think. More earthy and far less mystical.

"Tell me about your day, Taegen," she begins, and as I speak, she shuffles a worn deck of cards, nodding along with me. She draws cards yan tan tethera, and lays them face up on the table with a casual slowness that does little to distract from my words. Still, my language is stilted, and I find myself tracing the edges of the table with my gaze or watching her paws rather than making eye contact.

"Now," she says when I trail off to an uneasy silence. The badger, the table and cards, a bright room with motes in afternoon sunbeams; an image more meaningful than I anticipated. And me --- dingy clothes draped over a broad frame I never wanted --- out of place. "Here are three cards. Look, and tell me the first thing you notice."

"Notice?" I ask. I sound dubious even to myself.

"Notice," she confirms. "What do you see? When you look at the cards, what jumps out at you? Colors, motions, angles and lines. What do you see?"

I stare at the badger. She stares back, then lets out a kindly laugh and gestures down at the cards.

Three cards, laid out in a line. I move my stare to those, more bewildered than anything, trying to pick out singular things. "From each of them? One at a time?"

She shrugs, smiling not unkindly.

Odd, I think. How such a small task could feel overwhelming.

I puff out a breath of air, whiskers bristling, and tap at the first card. "Well, this one's upside down, for starters. The, uh...Page of Wands." Digging through memories, I try, "A page is like a squire or something, right? Someone who helps a knight?"

"Yes, a young person, someone in training." She grins and nods down to the remaining stack of cards. "There are knights in the deck, too, but that's for another time."

Whiskers still canted forward, I nod and hesitate for a moment. "So, what does it being upside down mean?"

"You tell me."

I roll my eyes. Still, she sounds kind rather than petulant or snide, so I think about upside-down cards. Upside-down figures, upside-down and tipped over, upset in the literal sense of the word. Upside-down meanings. Meanings inverted, reversed, turned over.

"I think I see." I intend it as the beginning of a sentence, but seeing the badger's smile widen, I leave it at that. I shut out the other cards, focus on the Page. "In training, hmm? They looks like they're investigating or contemplating. The, uh...I guess the wand. The wand is the only thing growing, the only thing with green in the entire scene."

"Learning about life. Investigating growth." The badger nods, but neither confirming nor sage. Simply agreeing. "But reversed."

"Not learning?" At this, I sense her expression close down. It's not a visible thing; it's a sensation of her movement of thought being put on hold. "Not...not doing anything with learning, perhaps?"

The badger nods. I can see the clip on her thermometer holding it to the over-washed fabric, see beads of sugar still clinging to glass, bobbing with her movements. "Wands are for beginnings, for doing. Or perhaps activating is better." She sets a paw next to the card. "This Page --- a bear, maybe? I've never figured that out --- is learning, but not moving, not beginning. There is knowledge, but no decision."

"Activation energy!" I blurt, and, seeing questions in her eyes, continue. "Like in chemistry. It's dorky, but there has to be enough energy for an electron to jump from one sphere to the next; it just sits there otherwise. It needs the proper amount of activation energy to get going."

Questions turn to understanding, but her gaze stays locked on mine, waiting.

"I don't have the energy."

"Perhaps not. Or perhaps you do, but you're --- you or something within you --- is not letting it reach the activation. The energy may be there, but blocked."

I have to restrain myself from a snide smile. A reaction to my mom's mysticism, maybe. To crystals and blocked energy. In the badger, though, I sense only earnestness. "Energy as in will? Purpose?"

She shrugs. My choice, apparently.

"Everything's yellow in the card--"

"Energetic color, yellow."

"--yellow except for the black of the salamanders on their coat-thing."

She nods, murmurs down to the card, "His creations, perhaps. How many full ones do you see?"

I lean closer, nudging glasses further up my blunt snout. "Two, maybe three out of a dozen or so."

"If the card were upright, those other ones would be creations yet to happen." Her voice carries knowledge, and more authority than she's shown yet. "Reversed, that becomes flipped around. It could be creations abandoned, or it could be things you're afraid to start.

"These cards named after people or titles --- the page, the knight, the king, the queen --- they're sometimes about people. Maybe this card's about you. Or they all could be. Maybe--"

I smirk, nod my head toward the second card. "So I'm the fool?"

"Maybe they're just facets of yourself." She finishes, returning my smirk.

Thus chastened, I look at the second card. "Okay, well, there's a dog, one of those breeds with short fur, though it doesn't look like any of the dogs I've met. He's--" I catch myself, seeing androgyny in the dog's features and tamping down the yearning for my own. "They're stepping toward the edge of a cliff, with a little spirit thing dancing at their feet. They have one of those sticks with a bag tied to the end, but their tunic thing is what has me thinking. It's all growing things." I lean in closer and add, "And little splashes of water. Green and blue with flowers on navy."

We sit in silence for a moment while I think about the card more.

"There's a good balance of colors, come to think of it. More than the Page, at least. Blue and green and red and yellow." I hesitate, staring at the lean canine muzzle: the balance continues there, masculine and feminine, hard and soft, focused and uncaring. I say nothing, and wonder why.

The older woman nods slowly. "It's a fancy shirt, no denying. It'd look good on you."

I laugh, to which she looks up, smiling. "Seriously. It's a good mix. You're a good mix, too. But you wear all drab colors. Why's that?"

There's a sudden flush to my cheeks, at my appearance being so deliberately addressed. I lay my ears back. A blush along with the first hints of annoyance. These are soon replaced with simple embarrassment. "I don't want to-- I mean, I don't think I'd look good in bright colors or fancy clothes."

"I think you would." She hastens to continue, speaking over my mounting disagreements, "I think you'd look good, if you dressed how you wanted. Don't you?"

I frown at her. She continues, "You didn't say you don't want to dress in bright colors and fancy clothes. You started to say you didn't want to do something else."

I held my breath. Anger is the wrong word for what I feel. Frustration? Humiliation, perhaps. Am I so transparent?

"I don't want to," I begin in a rush of pent-up breath, feeling that struggle blown out with it. My shoulders sag, and I complete the statement more slowly. "I don't want to be seen like that."

"The fool, here, they're everything. They're the beginning of all things, and they've already got all of the endings inside themselves. At the beginning of all journeys, there's the fool: taking that first step is a fool's gamble, after all." She pauses, looking at me earnestly, intently. "You caught yourself earlier, you said 'he' and then switched to 'they'."

I hunch down into my slouched shoulders, muzzle dipping as I struggle for words. "They looked-- I mean, It's on my mind, I guess."

"I'll come clean," she admits after a pause, dark paws fiddling with the remainder of the deck, straightening cards. "Your mom told me you were coming, so I know that much. Even if she hadn't, though, it's written on your face. I mean this in the best possible way, Taegen, but you don't make a very good man."

I close my eyes. I shut out the cards, the motherly badger. Motherly in the sense of speaking truths, in the sense of knowing children, in having seen them grow up. Motherly in lived experience. Experience lived in the moment, not in some dream world of crystals and chakras. More motherly than my mom, I think.

When I open my eyes, her gaze has softened.

"Why three cards?" I ask, deflecting.

"Past, present, and future." She laughs.

I nod, then sit up a little straighter, murmuring, "So it's more that past me that didn't have the activation energy?"

"Or didn't want to use it, yes."

"That makes more sense, then."

"How so?"

I shrug, continuing, "If I'm at the beginning of something now, it's because of how much time I spent fretting --- and not starting --- before."

She nods. "And are you at the beginning of something now?"

"I think so." I sound dubious, even to myself.

"Why now?"

"College," I say.

"Away from home?"

"Mmhm."

She nods again. "It's a little freeing, isn't it? Being away from parents. So you, like the Page of Wands, have been investigating, leaving all that energy pent up inside. And now you're ready to...to what? Take that step?"

I catch myself fiddling with the hem of my shirt. It's an olive color, faded further into drabness by countless washings, no fancy tunic; even her washed-out smock is brighter than my shirt. It doesn't go with my fur. Nor do the well-worn khakis. A darker animal dressed in those would look rough and tumble, ready for a hike. A mountain lion looks like a mess of dirty laundry.

I look up from my dull self to the table once more, speaking to the cards. "I have an appointment to start talking about it --- talking about gender --- with a counselor."

"Congratulations," the badger says, smiling. And I realize she doesn't need to say anymore. I realize that's what I needed from my mom. I realize that's probably why my mom sent me here. I realize that there's probably more to my mom than I gave her credit for.

I realize I've stopped thinking of this --- the tarot card reading --- as something mystical.

I speak up, "The third card, then."

The badger returns her gaze to the table.

"It feels impenetrable to me."

She laughs and shakes her head. "It's not a book. You're not writing a report on its deeper meanings. You're picking up on some of those meanings, but you don't have to do it right away or all the time. Or at all, for that matter." Still grinning, guides my attention back down to the card with a gesture, badger and cougar looming over the table. "Just tell me what you see."

Abashed, I return her smile as best I can. "Alright. It's a...well, I want to say a woman and a child being ferried across a lake or something, but the boat they're in has six swords in it. They're upright, like they've been stabbed through the bottom of the boat."

"Stabbed? Like they're going through the wood?"

"Yeah."

"Is water coming up around them?"

I look harder. The bottom of the boat is pitch dark. "I can't tell, but no one seems in a rush to get them out, anyway."

This gets a chuckle. "No, no they don't. Maybe they're plugging the holes in the boat. Maybe it's best to leave them in."

Nodding, I keep looking at the card. There are lines to draw the attention. The swords, the boat, the pole of the oarsman, the horizon, the water...the water. "The front of the boat, where the swords are, isn't sinking. The people still weigh something, though. Look, the back of the boat's low in the water."

She nods, "Maybe they--"

"Like they don't weigh anything," I add hastily, cutting her short.

"--don't weigh anything, yes."

I lay my ears back and grin, "Sorry, didn't mean to trample."

She returns my grin, pats my tan paw in her black one. "You're excited. It's really nice to see."

"So why swords?"

"I don't know. What do swords do?"

I laugh. "Cut and stab. Kill people. Stuff like that."

"Fair enough," she chuckles. "Why would one do that?"

Her words stop me short. "To...to kill," I begin. "But that's what I just said. Are you asking me why people kill each other?"

She nods.

"To get something," I murmur, fumbling for words. "To gain something. To get what one wants, or needs."

"So, since this is the Tarot and there's bound to be a lot going on here, can we just say the swords are a tool?"

"Well, I'm not about to hack and slash my way to get what I want."

She leans in close to me, stage-whispering, "I'll let you in on a secret. None of the cards in the swords suit --- in any suits --- show blood. Death, yes. Change, definitely. But no blood. It's hardly hacking and slashing."

"But they're still--"

She holds up a paw, "They're still swords, but they're tools. Swords show work. Strife, sometimes, sure; striving toward a goal. But what they is show work. These swords aren't working right now, they're just standing there. So where is the striving?"

"Behind them?" I ask. "They figures are all facing away from something."

"Or toward something."

"So," I say hesitantly. "I'm going to go on a journey?"

She laughs, "Can you guess what my next question would be?"

I shake my head.

"My next question would be: are you? And then you sit and think about it for a moment."

"I sit and think a moment, then say: no, of course not, it's about the work of going through something. The journey is the work." I hesitate, then nod and continue, more sure of myself. "Because I'm here at the beginning. I'm the fool, ready to take the step, and then I just have to take the next and keep going."

She smiles and urges me on with a little gesture of her paw.

"So if I was stalling by investigating every possibility, never starting," I say, nodding back to the first card, the Page of Wands. "Then I guess what I'm focused on is taking that first step, and after that, taking the next."

"You're doing my job for me," the badger laughs.

My smile falters. "Fair enough, but what do I do?"

"That's advice, kid." That soft smile, again. She flips the cards over, one by one, and continues, "Advice comes from people, not from cards. And if I'm going to give you advice, you're going to need to tell me what's actually going on."

She leans forward, folding her arms on the table, and looks past the cards and to me.

So I tell her. I tell her all that stuff from childhood, all those stupid things --- the dress-up, the questions, the uncomfortable guidance, the frustration at forced roles. I tell her all those things that meant nothing, may still mean nothing, and yet add up to a picture of a different me than who I am now. A different shape, a different body, different face and voice and name.

I speak more freely than at the beginning of the session.

I tell her about my mom, about telling her bits and pieces of my feelings, and her insistence at first that it was just a blockage of energies, and then her reluctant acceptance. I tell her about my dad, and how terrified I am of him and his iron grip on masculinity. I tell her about leaving for school and deciding that becoming my own self mattered more than their financial assistance and what belongingness they could offer.

"Your mom sent you to me," she states again, after a comfortable silence. "Did you tell her any of this?"

I shake my head. "She knows just that I'm, er--"

"That you're transgender?" she finishes for me. "Would that be fair to say?"

"I...yes, that's fair."

"But you don't want to say it?" she asks, kind eyes on my own. "You don't have to, can just say yes or no."

"No.I mean, I don't want to say it, but I should. Maybe that's part of the first step." I hesitate for a second, ears flat and eyes averted, before murmuring, "She just knows that I'm trans."

The badger nods, unclipping the thermometer from her smock and turning it over in her fingers. "Alright. And she sent you to me for advice? She told me to talk to you, mentioned vague facts."

"Yeah, she told me to go to you to work on things." I give a wry smile and add, "Her words, not mine."

She laughs and sits back in her chair, slouching and twirling that thermometer. "Your mom is nuts," she says. "I mean that in the kindest way, of course: I love her dearly. Have since school. I suspect she wishes the world worked differently for her. And for you, for that matter."

The unabashed laugh and words of affection are contagious and have me grinning. "Yeah, she's nuts," I echo. "Still, can't say I'm upset with what I got out of this."

"The cards, you mean?"

"Yeah. I was expecting fortunes, I got--"

"You got what you had when you came in the door," she asserts. "And a chance to talk it through. Now, you want my advice?"

"Yeah. I want to know what you think I should do next."

"About which bit?"

"Coming out, I suppose." I scuff at the back of my neck, paw feeling clumsy. "Maybe starting transition."

"Well, it sounds like you're on your way to both, right?" She clips the thermometer back to her smock and straightens the remainder of the tarot deck in deft paws. "You've told your mom, and you have that appointment, right?"

I nod, brushing fingertips over the overturned cards left on the table. It felt like we were both acknowledging their presence in our own ways. "But I still haven't told dad, and I'm still freaked out what the counselor will say."

"Anxiety, then?" she offers, waving a paw above the cards. "A bit of the Page of Wands still left over?"

I nod again, silent.

"Do you want to dig at that?"

"Mmhm. Do you have any thoughts on how to get past that?" She shuffles the cards and opens her mouth to speak, but I interrupt, "Wait, don't tell me. Now you'll ask if I have any thoughts on how to get past that."

Her laugh is kind and her fingers sure as she slips another card from the top of the deck, laying it flat on top of the first three.

The image shocks me enough to get me to sit up straight, as if by gaining some distance from the card itself I could escape it. "What the hell?"

"The ten of swords," she says, voice level, conversational.

I count the swords sticking out of the anonymous figure's back. Ten. A feline laid flat on his front, a dark sky, a calm shore, and ten swords buried in his back, each as high as the cat himself.

I clear my throat and manage, "I thought you said there wasn't any bloodshed in the swords."

"Do you see blood?"

Despite everything urging me not to do so, I lean in close and inspect the figure. "No," I admit. "Though his cloak is red."

"The color of passion. And yellow, the color of action."

"The dawn's yellow, too," I offer. I sound dubious, even to myself.

"Dawn, then?" The older woman looks down at the card curiously. "Dawn or sunset?"

I frown and shake my head. "Dawn, I think. It always feels like dawn chases the night, but sunset gives in to it."

"Poetic," she says, and her smile is earnest.

I count the swords again. "One in his ear, one in his neck. Three or four in his back." I stifle a giggle and murmur, "That's a lot of swords."

Her eyes brighten. "Isn't it? Overkill, in the truest sense of the word. Like an overreaction."

A thought occurs to me, and I lean in over the table. "Staring at the dawn, killed ten times over. Look, the water's even clear, like the--" I lift the last card up to peek, and continue, "Like the six. Like me staring at coming out and poking a billion holes in the idea without ever taking the step."

Her eyes stay bright. "Maybe it's an alternative to the six, then. Too much emotion, not enough action. Passion and action pinned down, rather than the work of the six. You could keep taking those steps, or you could keep killing yourself with indecision."

I nod eagerly and ask on a whim, "What's it like reversed?"

She gives a little shrug and turns the card over for me to see. "The swords fall out --- that's a relief --- but he's still dead, isn't he? Resigned to his place on the shore."

"Sure enough," I laugh. "Wait, 'he'?"

"You said it first," she says playfully. "Seriously, though, most of the figures are ambiguous. Or androgynous, I think. What you read into them can mean something if you let it."

"It could be nothing," I mumble. "Or it could be the old me. The 'he'."

She shrugs. My choice, apparently.

A chime interrupts us, me staring at the card and her smiling at me. A clock tolling slow hours. I check my watch to confirm it. Five.

"Oh jeez, I'm sorry. It's way later than I thought."

She laughs, "Conversations go where they will. There's no rush. I can pull together dinner for two if you want to stay." She taps at the thermometer with a grin, "I even made marshmallows, though they'll be sticky still."

"No, it's alright. Thank you. I'm getting pretty tired, as it is." I shrug, realizing just how true that statement is. "This took a lot out of me."

"It does that. It's a wonder we need exercise at all, when just thinking about things wears us out."

I laugh with her, nodding.

"Still," she continues. "You're in town, now. Don't be afraid to stop by, say hi. There's lots more we can talk about, cards or no. Don't wait for your mom to push you my way."

I lever myself up from the chair, swishing ropy tail once or twice to make sure it hasn't fallen asleep, and offer my paw to the badger. "I won't. I know she thinks we'll work on things, but I just want to talk. This was more than I expected. I didn't know I needed--"

She bypasses my offered hand and gives me a firm hug around the middle. Startled, I hold still. She smells of sweets. Sweets and baking.

I feel unfortunately tall. A rectangle. A lummox. A big, dumb cat.

I also feel understood, appreciated. Welcomed. I return the hug carefully. Then, with her farewell in my ears, take that first step out into the evening air.

And then the next.
"You always have to sort your laundry," her mother always said. "Separate the lights from the darks, at the very least. Try to get all the bright colors in one load, at least for the first few washes, than you can mix them with the dark."

Yes, ma.

"Remember how daddy got his pink shirt?"

Yes, ma.

"Just remember to sort, and you'll be fine. And don't use fabric softener on your towels, they'll stay softer that way."

Yes ma, yes ma.

Cheyenne grinned, stuffing towels, light and dark together, into the machine. A bra clung to one of the towels by the hooks. She chuckled. She slid the bra up, hoping to get it off the towel without problem. She laughed. A thread tugged lose from the towel, insisting on clinging to the bra strap. She laughed harder. Laughed and laughed.

Laughter turned to sobs. Shaking sobs. Great, gasping sobs that left her clutching at the edge of the washing machine for balance. Yes ma, yes ma. You haven't talked to me since I needed a bra, ma. She plucked the thread from the bra and dropped both into the machine. Your son had died, ma, and you never wanted a daughter. She admonished herself through tears about not sorting laundry.

Yes ma, sorry ma.
"Some would say that the primary goal of folkloristics is one of anthropology, of understanding a culture's view of itself. I, naturally, disagree." Professor Haswell's voice droned on even in sleep, even these many years later. Taegen hated it, hated these dreams. "Folkloristics works from the other direction. It constructs a semiotic niche out of so many umwelten..."

How damning was it to have such boring dreams?

Taegen would write this one down on a fresh page in the morning, as she always did. The entry would be noted in the book's index. It would be given a series of tags. "School", "Haswell", "NNND" --- that boring category of "neither nightmare nor desire" --- and probably "work". Should she put "work"? Was the dream even worth it?

Perhaps, one of these days, she would build her own folkloristic taxonomy of dreams. Tonight, I'll dream 002.010.001 (work, current job, nonspecific), 004.011.001 (school, past, nonspecific), and 035.103.002 (person, school professor (own), important but no overt pressure), she would think, and that would be it.

Maybe if she reduced her dreams to a simple list, she could skip the actual process of dreaming them and wake up well-rested. An otter, sleek by design in all possible ways.

By the time she had actually woken up, written her dream journal entry, and stretched her way out of bed, she was left with only the grumpiness. Coffee was the first order of business, and then grooming. Neither of those were dreams, both could be easily taken care of.

The otter's apartment was small and, surprising no one, quite orderly. It wasn't neat, per se. It wasn't pretty or aesthetically pleasing, but there was some unnatural level of order to it that was immediately noticeable. Where many homes would slowly settle into a comfortable sort of entropy, into that "I know it's messy, but I know where everything is"-ness, Taegen's seemed resistant to that particular form of entropy, in some intangible way.

The kitchen was tight, and the plates stacked as one might stack plates, but in such a way as to not permit bowls in their proximity. The DVDs stacked on the shelf were of all sorts of genres, but one would be hard pressed to return one out of alphabetical order. Something about the vanity in the bathroom disinvited one from placing anything on its surface.

It wasn't the apartment, of course, it was Taegen. Even that was obvious: one could no more place that blame on the apartment than one could place a dirty dish on the counter rather than in the sink.

It wasn't OCD, her therapist had explained --- and she had explained to an ex-girlfriend --- so much as an aspect of personality.

This was back in her undergrad, and she'd initially been hesitant to accept that. Surely an ICD10 code would help. A bold F42 --- Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder. If only she could stack all her problems up into a banker's box and scrawl F42 across the top in permanent marker. This felt like an indictment that she wasn't fixable, just weird.

In grad school, she had met a vixen with OCD in one of the classes she TA'd, and she'd immediately dropped an pretenses of F42-dom for herself. She lacked the raw, primal anxiety that went along with such a thing.

She was just weird.

"Maybe not," her ex had said, at her explanation. "But that doesn't make you any less crazy."

Ah well, 'ex' was just another shelf onto which one could put a relationship.

By the time she was coffeed and groomed, all dressed in the usual natty slacks-and-shirt-and-bowtie-and-peacoat, the otter was quite thoroughly sick of this glum mood. There was no reason to expect that work would change that, nor that Friday would bring any relief. None of the others had.


When Taegen was younger, she got caught stealing a pack of blank cards that were used for the card catalog at the Sawtooth Library. That was the only time anyone had ever pulled her tail, too, before it'd gotten too unwieldy to pull. The librarian had caught her under the catalog desk with a pencil in hand and a fresh pack of cards half-opened, and had yanked her out.

When her mom had hauled her out to the car, tail still aching, she had argued that the library didn't even use the card catalog anymore and the books weren't even in order anyway and why did Miss Weaver have to pull so hard?

"It's still stealing, Taegen," her mother had sighed. "And I'll have a talk with Miss Weaver. Why were you even stealing cards? We've got lots of paper at home."

Taegen had sulked and grumbled something about wanting to organize things.

The incident had been forgotten for years until a nineteen year old Taegen announced that she would be adding a library sciences minor to her anthropology degree. Her mother had laughed so hard she'd had to hang up and call back only when she could talk once more. She still had the pack of catalog cards (which Miss Weaver had grudgingly let young Taegen keep) and would mail them soon.

The discovery of the utility of categorizing, sorting, and cataloging things --- an act which previously had felt so pointless --- had been validating in a way she could never explain to her mother. There were boxes. Things were put into them. Sometimes you had to work out which box to use, or if there were actually two boxes the thing went into.

Her degree had turned into one focused on folkloristics, a field she desperately loved, but, unless she went hunting, dominated by the tireless Doctor Haswell. She'd declared a master's degree to be Enough and moved, full circle, to working in the campus library's archive department.

It was fulfilling work, but, as predicted, did little to lift her mood. It was fulfilling without being good. Comfortable without being pleasant.

She made it through the day, categorizing high-resolution scans of glass-plate negatives, and drove home to another night of plain dinner and a movie she'd seen dozens of times already.

Her movie habit had started out of necessity for her degree, classifying the stories that she saw and how they were presented. Many of the movies that had wound up on her shelf had done so not out of enjoyment, so much as part of one assignment or another.

She would be hard pressed to tell why she kept watching them, though. She'd park herself on her beanbag, rudder canted off to one side while she poked her way through a plate of pasta. The DVD would be set to play and she would...well, she didn't watch the movies.

She didn't watch the movies, she didn't taste the food, she didn't think about whether or not she was comfortable. It was something more than a habit, but less than participation.

Meditation, perhaps? The voices that she heard offered no companionship, but did so companionably. She could hear voices on the TV and know that other people existed in the world. Rather than making her feel lonely, perhaps the movies made her feel alright to be alone. One didn't talk during a movie, so if she didn't have anyone to talk to, that was okay.

As she cleaned up her plate and put the rest of the pasta away for tomorrow, she found herself in a cloud of glass-plate negatives, of catalogs and movie dialog. The static of her day was louder than the closing credits of the DVD.

No amount of sound could drown out that sheer lack of feeling. No voices could add to Taegen's life. The drunken slur of a fox in film, the sharp retort of his wife, none of those were more than unimportant variations in that thick static.

The otter washed her paws, and stood at the sink a while longer, toying with the stream of cold water, brushing it up along her forearms, and watching the way it beaded atop her fur.

Her mother used to get her soap in the shape of crayons when she was only a kit. It give her a bright-red way to scrawl across the bathroom that was easy to wash off, and which --- theoretically --- got her clean in the process.

Her mother had been furious when all Taegen had done was draw that point of soap along the lines of grout between the tiles in the bathroom. It had turned the walls (and part of the floor) into a pleasing red grid. When pressed, her mom had grumbled about the grout being more difficult to clean than the tile itself.

Taegen had always wondered at that. Sometimes, she would stand in the shower, water beading along far more of her than just her forearms, and draw along the grout with a bar of soap she bought for such purposes. She never used the stuff, hated the very texture of it in her paws, but she did spend shower after shower seeing how well it rinsed out of the grout.

The dishes were finished, her paws were plenty clean, and still she stood, trying to figure out if she could draw lines in the sink.

  Life within a comfortable grid.
  Parallel lines
    Interrupting narrowing circles
    of birds in flight.

A snippet of poetry tugged at memory, some bit of drivel she'd written in her undergrad. Something to try and put into words just how her life was organized, how she made sense out of chaos.

  Travel in straight lines.
  Turn at right angles.
  Trace the roof of your mouth
    With wet tongue.

She did that now, finding comfort in the ridges of her palate, each describing a successive concentric arc.

She turned the TV off and wafted into her bedroom, driven by some part of her she couldn't quite access for all that static. 002.010.001 she thought. I'll dream of (work, current job, nonspecific). A small mantra, or maybe a supplication to the Oneiroi: may I dream less and rest more.


There's something tinny about the smell of oncoming snow. Something metallic.

Some days, it would stick around for a day or so, maybe a day and a night, right before a snow storm. It would be the herald of six or eight soft inches of perfectly dry, unpackable snow. The weather would be too cold to admit any of the moisture that was required in building a snowball.

Some days, it would give one a scant hour to prepare for the oncoming weather. A cold front would move across the land in a swift gallop to the Rockies. Two quick inches of drive-by snow.

Taegen had read that the scent of snow was actually the lack of scent, of an air too cold and dry for the nose to pick out anything in particular. The opposite of petrichor. She wasn't sure that she'd believed it. That study had all been canines, and had focused specifically on temperature.

Today, there was none of the expectancy that came with the scent of snow. It was just a lingering miasma around town, that non-scent that spread on the breeze. There would be no snow, at least not yet. There would just be cold.

Taegen bundled up to take her usual walk. As otters went, she was bog standard. Lithe enough, a bit soft without being fat, with short, oily fur. None of that did anything to protect against the cold.

A walk was a walk, though.

She lived two blocks or so from the 13th street plaza, and every weekend, at least twice, she'd take a walk down to the plaza and, at the very least, walk it's length. Some days, she'd grab a coffee from the bookstore-cum-coffeehouse that anchored the far end of it.

It was only three blocks long, with a fountain set, just outside the courthouse, in the middle of the middle block. Not really an arduous hike, but it was enough to get out of the apartment for a bit and stretch her legs, disengage from the monotony of a screen held at a fixed distance in front of her. In summer, she'd dangle her bare paws in the fountain, watching the streamers of water as she sat facing it.

The fountain was off now, of course. Nigh on February, and it was too cold to be running water through pipes outside.

Sawtooth liked to talk about its homelessness statistics. It was a strange thing to be proud of, these folks living without a place to call their own, but here the council was saying that only about a hundred and fifty were homeless out of sixty thousand.

In the winter, this maxed out the homeless shelters in town and taxed the soup kitchens. Those who made it in were provided the barest of necessities, doubled up in the Open Door Mission and offered approximately fifteen hundred calories per day.

In the summer, it seemed as though all hundred and fifty were out in front of the courthouse, making the benches their own, using the fountain for covert sponge baths.

Taegen talked with them. She readily admitted that she worked at a campus library and made less than she probably needed herself, so she had little to give, but she would talk.

It was strange, when she thought about it, how few of them she knew. She'd talk, even wind up spending an hour or so talking with one person, and then seemingly never meet them again.

"You folks always go away," one had said, when she brought it up. "Talk's all well and good, but we can't ever expect to see you again. Y'all are, pardon, full of shit."

Still, she kept at it. Or, perhaps, that was the wrong way to word it. She kept coming back. There was no conversion to be made, no minds to change, just a tacit agreement that it was best for both parties to talk to someone. No strings attached, just engagement.

The scent of the oncoming snow had chased everyone indoors. Taegen clutched at a mediocre coffee and wandered back to the beginning of the plaza, thinking of non-scents. Her eyes tracing the herringbone pattern of the walkway, she marveled at the dryness of it all. Maybe that's what the scientists had thought. The scent was the recognition of just how cold and dry the world was, not of anything so grand as snow.

She made her way through a few cluttered shops, browsing the windows of the mod parlor and thinking of a movie she might pick up at the Discount Video at the corner near her apartment building.

She was sick of documentaries. She needed something false.


Sunday was cold. Way cold.

The weather had turned into a full-on cold snap. It was too dry for frost to form, but one didn't need to see that fine latticework on the windows to know that it was nearly thirty below outside. It was cold enough that one could walk past a window and pass into a brightly-lit shadow in the warmth of a room.

Taegen spent the day holed up within her apartment, curled on the couch with a movie playing. To keep herself from getting too bored, she set one running in a language other than her own, meaning her eyes had to track the subtitles. It kept her from wallowing into nothingness with the voices registering on some subconscious level.

The glum adherence to ridged lines had lessened, at least. She found herself wishing she had done more with herself, instead of wishing she could chart life on a sheet of graph paper.

All the same, a movie alone wasn't enough to keep her satisfied. There was no way that she knew to achieve such a feat.

Still, once the movie started to bore her, the otter had stood up in a huff, donning her jacket and gloves --- gotta keep the webs warm, they vent so much heat --- so that she could head out on a walk.

No sense languishing at home, she thought. Well, no sense in anything, but at least I'll be moving.

By the time she made it to the plaza, Taegen was pretty sure the walk was a mistake. The dryness of the cold air burned at the inside of her nostrils until she was sniffly, and at her eyes, until she teared up. Her paws were warm enough, and her peacoat helped her plenty, but her legs were more exposed, and the cold seemed intent on pulling warmth down through them. An eager cold. A hungry cold.

Just think of the coffeehouse at the end.

By the time she'd made it to the fountain, the otter wasn't sure she'd make it even that far. She promised herself she'd soldier on, but was caught up short by a bundle on the far side of the fountain.

At first, it looked like a backpack someone had left there. One of the camping types, with a frame. On top of the backpack, a puffy anorak had been cinched down.

Cold as it was, Taegen detoured around the fountain a ways to at least get a better look.

"F-fuck you want?" the bundle growled.

Taegen skipped back a pace at the sudden expletive.

The bundle un-bundled itself enough to become recognizable. There was a small...Taegen guessed a young woman, by her voice, buried within the jacket. She'd tucked her knees up and pulled the jacket down over them. It looked like her tail had done similar, curled into her lap underneath the jacket.

"Holy shit, are you okay? It's cold as hell."

"Y-y-you're te-telling me." A snout poked out from beneath the hood of the coat, pointy and tan and masked. "Ch-change for c-coffee?"

Taegen shook her head vigorously. "Screw change, come on. I'll buy you a coffee." She pinned her ears back and added, murmuring, "And another layer of clothes."

The laugh from within the coat was pained, desperate. "N-normally, I'd tell you to f-fuck off, but alright. I th-think I need it."

The stammering speech seemed to be getting worse, and the shape shook awkwardly as it stretched out. The frame of the 'pack' under the form's anorak was a bundled up sleeping pad, a simple school backpack beneath that.

The young woman stood up, shaking violently. A banded tail bristled out from beneath the coat, curling as best as it could around tattered-jeans-covered legs.

Taegen reached out to help, then rushed in at the sight of the shaking. She wrapped her arms around the ringtail, rubbing her gloved paws briskly over the form's sides, unsure if that was actually helping. "Come on," she tutted. "Coffeeshop's only a block, then we can figure things out from there."

It was hard to tell with the shivering, but she was fairly sure bundled-up form nodded.

Still clutching the lumpy and shaking form close, Taegen guided them both down the street to the caf.


The baristas in The Book and the Bean were good folks.

There was a sort of unspoken rule that the homeless in Sawtooth were welcome in for about an hour at a time before they were ushered on their way. Still, they offered what they could. They even had a community "coffee pool", where those with a bit of extra cash could pay into it a coffee at a time, and those without could 'withdraw' from it.

The frowsy badger behind the bar got one look at Taegen and the still-indistinct form under the jacket, and leaped into action.

Taegen and the ringtail were guided to a table and made to sit down. The barista disappeared for a few minutes and returned with a mug for the bundled-up bassarisk.

"Here you go, dear," she'd said, voice flush with concern. "Lemon and ginger and honey. Just tap warm for now. We'll get you a proper hot drink soon, don't want to shock the system." The jumbled speech trailed off as the badger padded back to the bar to start prepping the properly-hot drinks.

Taegen tugged off her gloves and tucked them into the pockets of her coat, the better to help guide the ringtail's paws around the warm mug. It smelled spicy and citrusy, and Taegen wanted to breathe that scent for hours to soothe her nose.

Those tan paws had a hard time holding the mug still, shaking as hard as they were. The otter kept her own paws nearby in case of spills as the young woman sipped at the drink.

"Fuck. C-cold."

The badger bustled back up with two steaming mugs. Both of them were stronger versions of that same lemon-ginger-honey tea. "Cold? Freezing. Nineteen below, out there. Surprised you're not frozen solid. Don't drink this yet."

Taegen took a selfish moment to breathe in that steam, sating that craving and soothing her poor, dried out nose.

"Y-yeah, sorry." The shivering seemed to be picking up, and the ringtail was having a hard time saying more than a word at a time.

"Just hold onto your cup," the badger said, helping the ringtail out of her coat and pulling up a chair to sit with them at the table. "Gonna get worse before it gets better. Switch to the hot one once you can hold your hands still."

The three sat in unsteady silence. Both Taegen and Cheyenne, the badger, tucked themselves in against either side of the shaking form, adding to the warmth. As Cheyenne said, the shuddering turned into a ragged jerking before settling back into what one might call a 'shiver'.

Taegen made a mental note to look up stages of shivering when she got home.

"Thank you both for helping. I thought if I bundled up and stayed still, I'd be okay."

Cheyenne shook her head, "You'd freeze no matter what, dear. What's your name?"

The preparation of a lie showed in the moment's hesitation before the ringtail mumbled, "Cheyenne."

Taegen nodded. "Do you have a place around here?"

Cheyenne shook her head.

"What about the mission?" Cheyenne asked.

"Full." The ringtail looked uncomfortable as she added, "Or at least it looked full."

Taegen could sense Cheyenne shutting down. She knew the badger was endlessly kind, but she also knew how fiercely protective she could be of the coffeeshop.

The otter spoke up, "Well, either way, you're not fit to stay out there. Let's get you to my place and we can start calling around and see what's out there."

Neither Cheyenne nor Cheyenne seemed overly happy with this, but neither brought up any objections.


The walk --- or perhaps stumble --- back to Taegen's apartment had been a rushed and urgent affair. After the coffeehouse and the spicy-sour-sweet tea, neither had wanted to go back out into the cold.

Still, they'd made it, and while both were freezing by the time the otter had latched the door behind her, neither were frozen.

Cheyenne stood just inside the door, looking shy. Taegen shrugged out of her peacoat and helped the ringtail out of her own to hang them both together by the door.

After a moment's hesitation, Cheyenne also shrugged her backpack off and propped it up against the wall right next to the door. Beneath her coat and pack, she was wearing a hoodie over a T-shirt that had obviously seen better days. The ringtail was smaller than Taegen's initial estimate; a few inches shorter than herself and slight almost to the point of waifish.

"So..."

Taegen laughed, "Sorry, didn't mean to space out like that. Pardon the mess."

Cheyenne tilted her head to the side and grinned, "Your place is kind of the opposite of a mess."

"I sometimes get extra organized," the otter demurred. "Make yourself comfortable, though."

Cheyenne nodded.

The silence grew weird.

"I, uh," Taegen straightened her shirt. "I don't have anyone over all that much. Can I get you anything?"

Cheyenne moved cautiously to sit on the couch, perched at the edge of the seat. "If you have any...I mean, I don't want to trouble--" She shook her head and gave Taegen a bashful smile. "Do you have any food I could have? I can work to pay you back."

The otter straightened up and grinned, "Oh! Yes, sorry, and don't worry about paying me back."

Taegen cooked in silence. It was well past dinnertime by now, so she didn't feel too bad doing so. She usually cooked three portions anyway, and just wound up making one of her regular meals.

There was no getting around the strained tension in the apartment. Taegen's place was small and neat, and obviously built for one and organized tightly to that one's specifications. She couldn't afford much, loans being what they were, and yet she felt obnoxiously wealthy, with a homeless girl sitting on her couch.

She also felt obnoxiously awkward. It had been easy enough for her to help Cheyenne out from the fountain to The Book and the Bean, and from there to her place, but now it was obvious that she really didn't have anyone over all that much. Or ever.

She suspected that neither her nor Cheyenne were all that good at engaging with others, and each had led to its own outcome. Taegen had buried herself in school and work as an attempt to cope with a disordered mind that wanted everything else to be in order, one that didn't really want others around. She was pretty sure that Cheyenne wasn't all that keen on being around folks either, though she couldn't guess why.

Taegen brought two plates piled high with pasta over to the couch where Cheyenne had parked herself. "It's not much, but it'll be filling. Let me know if you need more, too. There's a whole other serving still on the stove."

"Thank you," the ringtail said, whiskers and tail both bristled out at the opportunity for food. She seemed to be watching Taegen for cues, but when the otter took a bite, she dug in. No prayers for either.

It was easy to tell that Cheyenne was doing her best to keep from just wolfing the food down. She looked like she was focusing on forking up reasonable amounts of pasta and chewing thoroughly, but her hunger showed in her movements.

As predicted, she cleaned her plate.

"Thanks again," she said, paws clutching at plate and fork. "For everything, I mean. I was colder than I thought out there. Fucking freezing."

Taegen set her plate down on her lap and nodded, "I thought you were a backpack at first, all bundled up like that."

Cheyenne laughed. "Kinda, yeah. Was hoping I could just conserve all my warmth under my jacket."

"I think you'd probably need more than a jacket out in that level of cold, and it wasn't even dark yet."

"Fuck. Yeah." The ringtail looked down at her plate for a moment, then shrugged. "Dunno what I would've done."

"And Open Door was full?"

"I guess. Kinda."

"'Kinda'?"

Cheyenne frowned at her plate.

"It was full, then," Taegen said quietly, trying to settle the matter before any of the ringtail's obviously complicated emotions needed to be put in words. "Is there, er--another place with beds?"

"I dunno," Cheyenne mumbled. "I only just got here last week. Had been staying at Open Door."

"Where'd you come from?"

"Out east a bit. Making my way out to Oregon, nice and slow. Was born here in Idaho, figured I'd get a good look at the state before fucking off."

Taegen laughed. "Fair enough. Never been out of state myself."

Cheyenne nodded, "I seen a few, but mostly saw a lot of brown. I wanna go west, see all that green they have there."

"You, ah--" Taegen hesitated, trying to think of the best way to ask. "Bussing? Hitching rides?"

"Mostly hitching. My...well, we came in with a guy who drives between towns once a week."

Cheyenne was loosening up with the food and warmth. Her speech coming more fluidly, and language less stiff and formal. There were things still being held back, but the otter figured it wasn't really for her to know.

"So you landed here." Taegen stood and took Cheyenne's plate as the ringtail held it out to her. "Pretty cold time for hitching out west."

"Yeah, it's crazy out. Been through cold snaps before, but not stuck out like that."

Taegen stacked the plates in the sink, right where they belonged, and thought of Cheyenne. Here was this sudden ringtail-shaped kink in her life. She felt confused and anxious and tense. She'd have work tomorrow, and this wasn't how she'd picture'd her Sunday would go.

"Listen, I--"

Cheyenne jolted upright. "It's late, sorry. I can head out, I think there's another shelter in town."

Taegen blinked away a moment of confusion and shook her head, whiskers bristling out in a grin. "I was going to suggest you stay here for the night." She gestured to the couch and beanbag. "Plenty of space, and I don't think either of us want to head out again."

"Thank you," Cheyenne mumbled, ears pinned back. "That wasn't what I was expecting, but thanks."

The quiet that followed was broken by a giggle from Cheyenne. "You know, you remind me of one of my mom's friends."

Wrong-footed, Taegen tilted her head. "What?"

Cheyenne stood from her spot on the couch and nodded. "She was a fox, not an otter, but she was kinda like you. Neat, you know?"

Taegen laughed and nodded.

"Do you have any blankets for me? I'll tell you while you look."

Taegen nodded and padded to the hallway by the bathroom, opening the cabinet there to hunt around. Sometimes, she'd fall asleep on the beanbag rather than her bed. She'd always wake up with a weird kink in her tail or with memories of strange dreams, so she'd been trying to avoid it, recently. Still, she had some blankets of various thickness that had cycled through there.

Cheyenne continued her story as she followed along, trying to help where she could. "She was neat, like I said. She and her husband. Her husband would make things a little messy, but she'd put them in order. It was weird. Their place wasn't super clean, they had a lot of stuff, it was just all organized"

Taegen poked through the blankets, before giving up and just grabbing them all. It was cold, after all, might as well make sure her guest was comfortable. She stuffed the blankets into Cheyenne's outstretched arms before reaching back for the pillows on the shelf below.

"Anyway, they were super nice. But the guy, her husband, he got sick. Cancer or something. He passed away. Killed us all, you know? We all loved the guy. Mostly, though, it killed us to watch her. Her tail got all droopy and her fur would get matted and dirty, like she couldn't be bothered to organize again."

Taegen wasn't sure where the story was going. It didn't sound like a flattering comparison to herself. Still, the ringtail seemed to be having a good time of it. She wasn't so bristled out anymore, was loosening up. "Did she wind up getting organized again?" Taegen asked.

"Oh, definitely! You know, you get sad and stuff, and then things slowly get...I dunno, not easier. They get more comfortable. You can live with them better, you know?"

"Yeah, I get that."

"Anyway, they were super close, this couple. Two foxes who just couldn't live without each other. We thought this gal was gonna kick it soon after her husband. You know how that goes?"

Taegen nodded, setting the pillows down on the couch.

"Someone told me once that girls outlive their guys, though. If the guy dies, the girl will keep going, but if the girl dies, the guy's not long after. So maybe we shouldn't have been surprised she kept on going."

There was a bit of a pause as Cheyenne decided on the beanbag over the couch. It looked soft, she said, so she started piling blankets up on it.

"Anyway, poor fox. She gets her life back on track, gets her place all neat again, and starts lookin' for another guy, you know? You can remember your loved ones, but you gotta have company, and all.

"Anyway, weirdest thing, though. There's lots of foxes in the area and such, so she's not hurtin' as to selection, but she keeps turnin' down loads of them. Says she'll reject any who don't look like her old husband. Isn't that weird?"

Taegen laughed and nodded. "Uh huh. Sixty five."

Cheyenne stopped fussing with the blankets and stared at Taegen. "What? Sixty five?"

Taegen nodded again and, with the cabinet door shut, moved to help Cheyenne set up her bed. "Yeah. Number sixty five. The suitors. A woman proves her loyalty by only dating those who look like her dead husband."

The ringtail plopped down on the edge of the beanbag. Taegen sat on the other side. "What kinda craziness is that?"

"You can organize stories. Take folktales and boil them down to their essences. The core to that story is number sixty five on the list of, er...folktale essences. A story which proves a wife's faithfulness by how she remembers her husband in every new guy she dates." Taegen realized she'd been rambling and gave an apologetic grin, "Sorry, I studied this in school."

"Putting numbers to stories?" Cheyenne laughed.

The otter grinned, "Kind of. We would look at a culture's stories and see how the culture treated them. It would help us trace things back through history. That scale, the numbers, isn't really used anymore, but we all memorized it."

"You majored in story numberology?"

Taegen laughed. "Well, folkloristics. Part of--"

"Story numberology." Cheyenne gave a firm nod, then winked to Taegen, and they both laughed.

"Do you tell lots of stories, Cheyenne?"

The ringtail shook her head. "My name isn't Cheyenne. It's...hm." She made a show of thinking up another, then grinned, "Taegen. You can call me Taegen."

Taegen tilted her head and frowned, "Well, okay. Going to take me a bit to unlearn 'Cheyenne', then."

Taegen grinned, "It'll do you good. And yeah, we tell stories a lot on the road. True ones. Made up ones. Ones that are a bit of both. It's good to tell stories to friends, and even better to tell them to strangers."

"How do you figure?"

"You didn't laugh until I told that one, did you?"

Taegen thought for a moment, then shrugged. "You got me there."

Cheyenne-- Taegen grinned and nodded, "See? It works. Your turn, though."

"My turn?"

"Yeah, tell me a story."

Taegen froze. She knew stories. She knew tons of them. Each was stacked on a shelf, each had strings running from it to a list of motifs, each thoroughly cataloged.

And all of them suddenly inaccessible.

"I, uh--"

Taegen shook her head and laughed. "It's tough, don't worry. I'm good at this. Gotta get through the days somehow. It's only...what, eight? Just tell me something about you."

Taegen uncrossed her legs to get comfortable on the beanbag, leaning back against the couch where it was nearest, hips canted over to keep from resting solely on her tail. "About me? Hmm."

Taegen took her cue from the otter and stretched out on the beanbag. Taegen felt strange emotions tugging at her. Here was someone she'd --- literally --- brought in from the cold, and now it felt like they were in the middle of a middle school sleepover.

"Doesn't have to be you, I guess." Taegen stretched out, then sat up and took her hoodie off, as though that were a serious barrier between her and comfort. Her shirt said 'Ladies is gender neutral'. "Mine wasn't about me. Just it's usually easier to talk about yourself."

Taegen nodded and smoothed her whiskers back thoughtfully, then shrugged. "I got caught stealing, once," she began, and told the story of Miss Weaver and the card catalog.

Taegen looked on thoughtfully, then nodded. "Clearly a three twenty eight."

Taegen snorted. "The treasures of a giant?"

"Well, okay, I made that up. It's not wrong, is it?" Taegen laughed. "You stole things from Miss Weaver."

"Usually it's something more important. Something you go out of your way to steal. Treasure and such."

They both grinned. Taegen shrugged, and began a simple grooming of herself, brushing through tan and white fur. It was soft-looking, almost downy, but certainly no protection against the cold. Not that Taegen's was any better. "There you were," she said. "Concocting your secret plan to steal organization itself from the very lair of the beast, a treasure to keep for yourself."

Taegen laughed and urged Taegen on with a gesture.

"You saw the giant before you, the symbol of the system, of all things more powerful than wee little Taegen. You snuck...uh, not up the beanstalk. You snuck around the counter, and there you saw it. The golden pack of catalog cards. 'From these,' you thought. 'I can rule over all of my toys. Each will have a number.'"

"I did, too." Taegen thumped her tail against the ground. "With an iron fist. I was a dictator."

It was Taegen's turn to laugh. "Alright. And so then you did it. You reached for your goal, and you took it in your hand. You were caught! Poor Taegen, at the whim of a giant! Little did the giant know, you'd learn to master all of her organizational powers and unseat her!"

Taegen made as if to buff her claws, "And I did. Though Miss Weaver is still on the Library board here. I see her whenever we do archival work for them."

"You grew up here?"

"Yeah. Born here, did my undergrad here, and came back after grad school."

Taegen looked around the apartment, "You went to grad school and you live like this?"

Taegen rolled her eyes. "I owe more in student loans than this building is worth, I think."

"Yeowch."

"Yeah. Yeowch."

The chatter continued between the two for another few hours. By the time Taegen looked up, it was nearly ten.

This was a surprising feeling, this talking the hours away. She had gone into the weekend filled with gloom, her mind unable to provide her with anything but static. A noise of delineated things, a sound of overclassification.

And now here she was, chatting away like a kid again with, of all people, a homeless girl she'd rescued from the cold snap.

There were problems to be sorted, of course. Taegen basically trusted Cheyenne/Taegen. There was nothing for the ringtail to steal. She could take the TV, which would suck. She could take the DVDs and would probably be doing Taegen a favor. This was no Les Miserables. Or maybe it was to a fault. If Taegen was going to steal anything, Taegen would forgive her. What use had she for the things she kept?

Either way, they ought to find Taegen something a little more permanent. Taegen could certainly help with warmer clothing, as she had offered, and she certainly had no qualms in hosting the poor girl longer, if it left her feeling this good by the end of the night. Would it even be okay to ask her to stay?

Maybe what they had to sort out was how much each of them would get from this.

They yawned themselves to sleep, that night, and once Taegen had dozed off, Taegen wafted back into her bedroom. Tonight, I'll dream of 035.028.000 (person, stranger, important in a positive way).

She didn't remember her dreams.


Taegen's alarm went off too early on Monday. It was the same six AM as every other weekday, but getting up proved harder.

She silenced the alarm and sat up in bed, groggy. She had a kink in her tail. Not an auspicious start to the week. The cold, the soreness, the weekend.

It took a few minutes for her brain to unfog enough to remember that Taegen --- or was it Cheyenne? --- had claimed her beanbag the night before.

Well, okay. The cold, the soreness, the weekend, and the homeless girl camped out in her living room.

Taegen groaned. She'd not thought this through well enough yesterday. She had work, she couldn't do that and help out a homeless girl. She'd either have to call out from work or find a place where Taegen to stay. Maybe both.

The otter levered herself up out of bed, stretching longly and trying to work the kink out of her tail. Tweaked it over the weekend, perhaps, or just slept on it funny. Made it hard to walk without wobbling.

She tugged her phone from its charger on her desk and swiped a pad across it to unlock the screen.

Two new voice messages. One from late last night, one from an hour ago.

"Hi Taegen, this is Taegen. I got a call from facilities saying that they were having problems with the steam plant. You're usually first in, can you check on things first thing and call out to others if there are any problems in the building? Thanks a million."

Taegen furrowed her brow and skipped to the second message.

"--all employees and students. There will be an inclement weather closure on Monday the 30th of January. This closure affects all employees and students. There will be an inclement weather closure on--"

The furrowed brow turned into an outright frown. Still standing in the middle of her cold room, she pulled up the university website on her phone. Right at the top of the page in bold, red text, an announcement.

  INCLEMENT WEATHER CLOSURE
  Monday, January 30, 2017

  On Sunday evening, a boiler in central heating ceased working. The back-up boiler was brought online, but cannot heat all campus buildings to a safe temperature. Crews are working to replace the boiler.
  Temperatures have reached -30, stay inside and keep warm."

"I guess that solves that," Taegen mumbled.

Remembering her guest, she slipped on a loose pair of pants before heading out to the kitchen and living room. Taegen was a lump of clothes and blankets on the beanbag, the only visible part of her being the tip of her tail peeking out from beneath two layers of blankets.

It was cold, Taegen thought, and checked on her thermostat. She bumped it up a few degrees, wary of the outcome if it got too low. Hot water baseboard heaters were nice and all, but the last thing she wanted was for one of them to freeze and for the pipe to burst.

She set about making the quietest cup of tea she could manage, waddling around the kitchen as best she could with the ache in her tail. She was normally a coffee drinker, but that'd wake the ringtail in the living room. Tea would do fine, though, if she didn't have to race into work.

Taegen grumbled from beneath the covers at the sound of the water boiling in the electric kettle, but, as far as Taegen could tell, kept on sleeping.

The otter spent the next few hours holed up in her bedroom, sipping her way through a mug of tea as she poked through news and stories on her phone, before pulling down the book of folklore classifications.

Her life was in disarray, she knew. Taegen had thrown a wrench into things, into her neat little life and her neat little apartment. It brushed up against all sorts of weird desires to keep both life and home organized.

Not that the bassarisk had been a problem. She'd set her backpack down where backpacks go, she'd given Taegen her plate when she was done, had used the bathroom once or twice. She had, in fact, not budged from her spot on the beanbag otherwise.

And yet this all felt like some intrusion.

Perhaps it was the way in which Taegen approached it. Perhaps it wasn't Taegen at all, and it was all just on her. She was the one who had taken Taegen in. She was the one who was stuck thinking about this. For Taegen it was nothing, she could keep clean and to herself. It was Taegen who was having a hard time classifying things.

She realized she was doing the same with her book as she did with her movies. Her eyes scanned over the words in the thin workbook, but none of the text made it further into her mind. She covered each line, recognizing letters, before turning the page.

I should just put it up, she thought, feeling grumpy. I'm not getting anything out of it. I could take a nap.

She shook her head to shake wandering thoughts into a sense of order, and turned back to the index of folklore motifs.

Maybe she could come up with a story to tell Taegen.


The silence --- or at least quiet snores --- from the living room slowly morphed into soft rustlings, and then from there to audible yawns and the sound of padding feet heading to the bathroom.

Taegen levered herself quietly out of bed and snuck into the kitchen before Taegen could make it back out of the bathroom.

"Coffee?" Taegen asked when Taegen stumbled back to the beanbag. The ringtail sat down heavily on the cushion, looking mussed up from her night's sleep.

"Nngh. Mmhm."

The otter nodded and flicked a switch on the little countertop espresso machine, then set the grinder to run for two shots worth of coffee grounds. The tea had helped, of course, but she suspected the coffee would help all the more.

"You're chipper," Taegen grumbled.

Taegen nodded. "Been up a few hours already. Dad always used to get us up early for the sunrise. He said it wouldn't rise without us kids. Someone had to be there to see it."

The otter finished pulling one shot of espresso, and walked it over to the ringtail on the couch. "Let me know if you need milk or anything."

Taegen shook her head, sipped gratefully at the bitter coffee.

"Anyway, one day we all got sick. One of those bouts of the flu that catches the whole house at once." Taegen tamped down the grounds in the portafilter, using the tamp to brush the grounds off the rim. She paused to lick a finger and sweep up a scattering of grounds that had missed the used-grounds container she built the shot over and wound up on the counter, flicking the gritty coffee back into the container.

"We all slept in to--" She leaned back to look at the clock on the microwave. "Until about ten thirty. We were all so surprised when we saw the sun had risen without us."

Taegen laughed as Taegen pulled her own shot. "Oh yeah? And which number is that?"

Taegen leaned back against the counter, wincing at the strain in her tail and clutching her little demitasse in her paws. "You got me. One hundred fourteen."

The ringtail held onto her empty cup with one hand and leaned back onto the other, grinning up to the otter. "I'll give your delivery an eight out of ten, but the story needs work. Did you rehearse it?"

"A little," Taegen admitted, ears and whiskers both canted back in embarrassment. "Was it that obvious?"

"To me, yeah. But I live off stories. You get a feel for truth, lies, and the right mix, you tell enough stories. You can hear when one's being told on the spot."

"What about mine didn't work?"

The ringtail shrugged and leaned forward to hand over her cup when the otter held out her paw. "Your truth-to-lie ratio was good. Lemme guess," she said, tilting her head. "You got up with your dad, but don't have any siblings."

Taegen laughed. "Yeah, that's it. How'd you guess?"

"The way you talked about your mom last night, about stealing office supplies." Taegen shook her head. "It wasn't that, though. Like I said, that was good. The, uh...what's it. How much the story means..."

"Consequence?"

"Yeah, it was inconsequential to a good level. You tell a story, and if you're trying to weave one, you don't make it too consequential. You told me a true story last night; those can be consequential. A tale should make you care enough to laugh or cry, but not much more."

Taegen thought for a moment. "When we'd talk about folktales, we'd talk about what tied them to one culture versus another, even if they'd share a common core. That feels pretty consequential."

"I guess a little." The ringtail shrugged and stood up once more. "But you're not imparting deep wisdom. They're all just stories, still. They gotta be light, inconsequential --- and yours was --- but they also gotta be, um...spontaneous."

"Extemporaneous, maybe?"

"That's it. They gotta be on the spot. Yours was just too rehearsed."

Taegen grinned and shrugged, "I'm not sure if I could do that."

"It's not for everyone. You--" She paused for a moment, thinking before continuing. "You're too organized. Too OCD to pull a story out of thin air like that. Hey, can I grab a shower? I know you're probably sick of me, but I really need one."

The OCD comment had caught Taegen off her guard. She had so many thoughts, countless words, about how she was or wasn't that. She didn't have the F42 required for F42-dom. All of those had disappeared, as they always did at time of need.

She just nodded and waved Taegen into the bathroom.


"So, it's gotten down to negative thirty. I know I was going to offer to help you get more layers, but I think it's too cold for even that."

Taegen nodded and kept quiet. She looked as though she were preparing to be kicked out.

Taegen hastened to clarify, "I don't even want to go out to the car. Plus, my tail hurts too bad to do much more than sit around. You alright just staying in until things warm up this afternoon? I can get you to Open Door or another place if you don't want to."

The relief was writ plain on the ringtail's face. She nodded. "Yeah, that'd be good. I don't want to go out either. Really don't want to go to Open Door. Can I, uh...can I help out any? I don't have much to pay with, but I can do work or whatever."

"There's not really much to be done, I don't think." Her expression softened. "You're just welcome to say until things warm up, Taegen."

"Cheyenne."

Taegen blinked.

"You can call me Cheyenne today," the ringtail grinned.

"First Cheyenne, then Taegen, now Cheyenne?" Taegen laughed.

"A real name holds power, right?"

The otter thought for a moment, then nodded. "Five hundred, yeah."

Taegen--er, Cheyenne rolled her eyes. "They really did include everything in that catalog, didn't they?"

Taegen nodded as she waddled over to the couch. "Yep. Five hundred is a trickster who will be defeated by someone knowing his true name. Fuck," she interrupted herself. "How the hell did I fuck up my tail? I don't think I did anything to it yesterday."

"Well, it is big."

Taegen laughed, changing trajectory to the beanbag and laying down on her front. "Yeah, it is. Still, I didn't think I could sprain a tail."

"Well, doesn't that just make us a pair? I don't have the clothing to go outside, and you can hardly walk."

"Guess it was good fortune, then."

"Does your catalog of tales have anything to say about this? Is three hundred and eighty a story about an injured person being stuck with someone who can't go out in the cold?"

The otter shrugged. "I don't think so, no. And there isn't a three eighty. They're all organized into a hierarchy, and they leave some numbers unassigned so that they can add to them later on."

Cheyenne grinned. "How do you even know all this?"

"I went to school for it."

"And they made you memorize it or something?"

Taegen rested her chin on her folded arms, a motion to conceal some embarrassment. "They didn't make me. I did because it was fun."

The ringtail stared in disbelief, then motioned for her to continue.

"I really like organizing things, and--"

"I could tell."

Taegen smirked, then continued. "--and I like the way things can be categorized while still retaining the things that make them unique. Like, the five hundred from earlier? That's a vague classification that can be applied to many stories, which are all different from each other."

"Sorta like putting things in a box, then?"

"I guess. Or writing them down on a sheet of paper with a specific heading, then putting that sheet in a folder, which is put in another folder. At the very top, you give rules for how to get to what you need."

Cheyenne looked thoughtful for a moment, then nodded. "Makes sense, then."

"What does?"

"Your inability to be, uh...extemporaneous. You can't pull things out of thin air, 'cause you're rifling through a catalog."

Taegen stayed silent.

"I mean that in the best of ways!"

Taegen shifted over onto her side enough to look at Cheyenne more directly, trying to look as kind as possible. She had no idea how to take this being told that she was uninventive.

"Well, listen," Cheyenne continued. "You have OCD, right?"

"I don't know. I've been told I don't."

"But, like...look at you. Everything about you is based around order, around the need for things to be in their place, all classified."

"Well, sure," Taegen demurred. "But OCD requires anxiety that I don't have. You have to feel anxiety about things that you obsess over, and you have to have the compulsion required to fix them. I don't have those. I just classify things. That's just what I do."

Cheyenne looked thoroughly sorry for having brought the topic up. All the same, she persevered. "Okay, well, maybe not OCD, but my ma, she told me that there's all these disorders around anxiety, and each has a personality disorder to go with it." Her voice was fast, as thought she were rushing to fill a hole she were digging herself into. "Maybe you have that? Obsessive-Compulsive, uh...personality disorder?"

Taegen reached out a paw to rest on Cheyenne's. None of this was too terribly surprising, it was all stuff that made sense. Still, Cheyenne looked as though she had talked herself into a tizzy. The ringtail looked absolutely panicked. "Maybe," she allowed. "What does this version entail?"

Cheyenne took the hint from Taegen's paw on her own. She smiled bashfully and made a show of calming down. "They, well," she straightened up, organizing her thoughts. "They are like the regular dis--er, they're like the regular ones, but without the anxiety. The life is as ordered, order is the obsession, but without, uh...without the anxiety."

The otter thought it over, spending a few seconds grooming her whiskers back. "I guess that makes sense. It's something that isn't eating me alive, but it's still a big part of me."

Cheyenne nodded, turning her paw up to let Taegen's paw slip into her own, resting the her free paw on top of it. "I really do mean that in the best way."

Taegen laughed and rolled onto her side, letting her aching tail rest against the side of the beanbag, taking some of the weight off. "No, I get that. It really does make sense. I saw someone about it years ago, on an old girlfriend's suggestion."

Cheyenne tilted her head, though whether at the 'girlfriend' part or the 'seeing someone about chronic neatness' part, she couldn't tell.

"My doctor said it wasn't OCD, just part of my personality. Not something I felt bad about, something I felt good about. My ex still thought I was crazy, though."

Cheyenne patted at the otter's paw in her own, then gave it a little pet, brushing fur that was already straight all the straighter. "Can I confess?"

Taegen laughed. "Of course. I'm no priest, though."

"I didn't think so" Cheyenne laughed. "Anyway, I guess I saw how neat you were, and that's why I've told you so many names. Just add a little disorder to your life."

"None of them real?"

"Of course not." The ringtail grinned as mischievously as she could. "I can't tell you that, remember?"

Taegen laughed. "Right. Five hundred."

"How many of those classifications are there, anyway?"

The otter started counting mentally, then perked up. "In the bedroom, there's a book on the bed. I was reading it after yesterday. That should have the catalog in it. Go grab that."

"Uh, me?"

"Yeah, you." Taegen laughed, "My tail hurts too much. I'm laying down and you're sitting. I'm older than you. Just because."


"Okay. Fourteen seventy five."

Taegen had found a few comfortable spots on the beanbag, alternating between stretching out on her front and laying out on her back with her tail resting between the folds of the cushion. "Right, hm. Back when I was a kid, my dad used to take all of us to church. The preacher was a kind old guy, but one day, he got it into his head that it was best to keep it in the town.

"He saw us girls sitting in the front row and asked us all to come up on the stage. It was so embarrassing. He made us promise to God and the congregation that we weren't to be married to girls in other parishes.

"Everyone laughed and laughed. Girls marrying, they'd say. Good joke, preacher. But there I was, standing up there with my sisters, saying I'd never marry a girl from another town. All my hopes and--I'm no good at this, am I?"

Cheyenne laughed and slapped her paws down on the page. "No, you're good! You came up with that better than I thought you would'a. You just got all stiff at the end, is all."

Taegen grinned. "Makes sense, I guess. I kinda get the rhythm, but it's hard for me to just pull it out of nothing. I get part way through and start thinking about my story too much, about what other categories it fills. I start thinking, oh, that's four eighty, the kind and unkind girls and then I'm totally lost."

"Yeah. I can tell. You get this look on your face when you get to let go. You get all confident lookin' and then you fall apart, and I can almost see the filing cabinets in your eyes."

They laughed together.

Contrary to expectations, the outside thermometer had pegged itself at thirty below for a few hours and then, around noon, started to drop even lower. They had eaten a late lunch. Cheyenne asked if she could wash her clothes while she was here, and Taegen had found her a shirt and pair of loose pants that would fit meanwhile. The temperature stayed cold through the afternoon.

Neither were keen to go outside and see just how cold, so they'd parked themselves on the beanbag with the catalog of folktale types.

Cheyenne had said that she was going to teach Taegen how to tell a story, but that was a thin excuse for a continuation of the sleepover atmosphere. What would be more 'sleepover' than telling stories and a friendly competition?

Taegen was losing, that much was obvious.

"Alright, ninety one," she said. "When someone is caught for their heart (or paw, or eyes) as a remedy --- like one's heart or fingers being the only cure to an illness --- but convinces the antagonist that they left it at home."

Cheyenne grinned and launched right into the story. She would always win, so long as she could jump right in like that. "Oh yeah, that reminds me of one of my daddy's stories. He laughed about this all the time, said one day, this cat came to him. One of those all black ones, the uh..."

"A panther?"

"Yeah, that's the one! Daddy would always say hi to this guy as he walked his property. He used to walk the perimeter of his property and make sure all was okay, but it got him to talking with all his neighbors.

"Anyway, one day, one of his neighbors takes a shine to his tail, says, Dang, you know, I wish I had that tail. My wife left me some years ago, you know, and I bet the gals would be all over me, I had a tail like that. Dad would laugh, we'd all laugh at that. Poor old Mister Lincoln, he looked like a shadow in every picture, like someone had cut out someone, wherever he went.

"Now dad, he can sense Mister Lincoln starting to get more insistent about things, and one day, on a hunch, he grabs a handful of soot from the fireplace --- we hardly ran the thing these days, but the soot was still there --- and rubbed it into his tail."

Taegen laughed, picturing Cheyenne rubbing soot into her tail, turning the stripes all black.

Cheyenne grinned. "So dad, he's got this all-black tail. It was nearing night, so it wasn't too out of place, but sure enough, once he runs into Mister Lincoln, out walking his property, the big old guy grabs dad by his collar, starts shaking him, asking for his stripes!

"Dad doesn't know what to do, starts squealing, just as sure as I would.

"Well, didn't take a genius to know Mister Lincoln was as drunk as he was plain. He thought he could grab the stripes off daddy's tail and take them for his own. Maybe he'd put them on his face and gain some features. Maybe he'd put them on his paws, so he could always see where his hands were. Maybe he just plain wanted dad's tail."

"And he left it at home?" Taegen asked, giggling.

"Of course he did! Dad, he told Mister Lincoln he left it in the trunk by his bed. No stripes today, sir, he said, kind as could be. Talk to me tomorrow, though, and I'll hook you up!

"Well, Mister Lincoln, he looked pleased as peach, said that'd be real nice. Dad, he had something like ten stripes. Golly, Mister Lincoln would'a been able to do plenty with that!"

Taegen clapped her paws gleefully at the story. "Wonderful! You've got the entire thing set up, right there. I feel like I get close so often, but I just don't quite get it to stick the whole way through."

The two were as two girls at a sleepover, stretched out on their fronts on a beanbag, a book propped up before them both.

It was Cheyenne's turn to laugh. "You do get close, yeah. You're just missing mechanics. Like, y'gotta start telling little side stories, no more than a sentence long, to buy yourself some time. We don't care what Mister Lincoln does with the stripes, but we make something up to give us time to, uh...stick our landing, I guess."

"Yeah, I can't even begin to think of how to do that." Taegen shrugged, stretching her tail out carefully and wincing. "If I don't go into the story with the whole thing already written, I'm more than likely just going to run myself in circles trying to think of all of the archetypes."

Cheyenne looked as though she was cuing up a response to that, perhaps some list of improvements for Taegen to follow. The otter interrupted, both of her paws clutching at Cheyenne's. She almost had the ringtail clocked. Shelved, cataloged, organized.

"You, see, you're eighty one. Here you are, plowing through the world, and you're doing really good. You find yourself on the road, and you got yourself some friends, or maybe just one. Just someone you're traveling with."

Cheyenne shut down at this outburst, her expression going blank and her paws going slack in Taegen's.

The otter persisted. "You said, It's so wonderful out now, I must be all set for the next year.

"But you were with someone, weren't you? Someone at Open Door? He had a home, something he could offer, he could..." Taegen trailed off. "Shit, I'm sorry. I went way too far, there."

The otter tried to tug her paws back to herself, to withdraw. Drunk on storytelling was a new sensation for her. She hadn't expected it would lead to such an overreach. She hadn't expected it to drop her barriers around classification.

Cheyenne clutched at Taegen's paws, shaking her head. It was a confused gesture, a sad gesture. "No, you're right. He's down at Open Door."

Ears pinned back and whiskers sleeked in against her cheeks, Taegen continued haltingly. "You didn't...you didn't prep for the winter because summer was easy. He had, so he kept you in his debt."

The ringtail's grip tightened around Taegen's paws.

There was nothing the otter could say to continue.

"So he pulls me aside, he says we just need to keep ourselves warm." Cheyenne's voice is quiet, hoarse. "And that sounds good to me. But I have to do something in return, so I think to myself, Aha, I've got a plan."

Taegen returned the squeeze of paws. Cheyenne wasn't looking at her any longer, staring toward the blank wall with a smile that's more rictus than jolly.

"Don't worry. I'll hold up the roof, I tell him. So I hide myself away up in the attic, tell him I'm doing something useful, when all the while, I'm making sure I can get away without giving him everything he asks."

There was a silence between them, then. True silence. Neither had anything to say, and neither could offer any path forward.

It took a good five minutes for the moment to pass. Cheyenne's expression cycled through vacant amusement, thinly veiled anger, and despair. Taegen, frozen where she was with the strained tail, could only hold on to the ringtail's paws and hope that she hadn't fucked up too badly.

"That--" Cheyenne coughed, clearing her throat and sitting up. "That got a little too real. Alright if we switch to a movie or something?"

Taegen nodded and bowed her head, gesturing in the direction of the shelves of DVDs. "Take your pick."


Taegen stayed silent through the movie. Cheyenne had chosen a thriller, something with enough action to hold their interest without demanding it. Not too actiony, not too cerebral.

The ringtail had shrunk in size, Taegen noticed, all her confidence drained away. The jokey story-telling exercise really had gone too far, and although she stood by her assessment, she realized she probably should have been a bit more careful of providing it.

All of that openness she had grown over the past few hours, all of that was slowly unwound. She had built up this stanchion of confidence, only to find she'd planned the bridge in the wrong spot. She hadn't had a goal in this sleepover storytime, but even so, she'd fucked it up.

She spent her time pretending to leaf through the book of motifs and tropes. Cheyenne sat where she had been, watching the TV over Taegen as the otter poked through her book. She didn't have quite what it took to look Cheyenne in the eyes.

Perhaps I should find her a place to go, she thought. Perhaps this whole thing was a mistake. We don't know each other, neither of us know how to share.

And yet they stayed there. Cheyenne watched her movie, and Taegen's eyes traced lines of text without reading them.

Taegen perked up enough to watch the climax of the movie, canting her ears back enough so that the movie isn't all she heard. She'd seen it dozens of times already. She was more interested in Cheyenne's thoughts than in the movie itself.

The denouement of the film was swift. A proper thriller, she decided long ago, should leave several threads hanging. Explain too much, and you get a detective story. Explain too little and you get...well, a mess. You get her life. Too many things independently explained which do nothing to provide a sense of the whole.

Cheyenne seemed to melt beside her, slouching first toward one side, then stretching her legs out, and finally slipping down onto the beanbag. It was more of a collapse than a deliberate movement, but at least it was something.

"You okay?" Taegen asked, setting her book down off to the side.

Nothing but the sounds of the ringtail settling into the beanbag bed. It was her bed, even. Taegen's was around the corner in the bedroom.

The otter carefully squirmed onto her side, doing all she can not to tweak her tail more than she already has. She'll need to get up to use the bathroom a some point, but for now, she considered herself stuck.

Might as well fix this, while we're at it.

"You okay, Cheyenne?"

"Cheyenne."

Taegen hesitated for a moment before murmuring, "Is that your name now?"

"No, that's my name. Just Cheyenne."

The ringtail's voice was flat, her eyes downcast and even then focusing on nothing. It hurt to listen to.

"Did I go to far?"

"No, you're fine."

Taegen watched the way Cheyenne's eyes went in and out of focus. They never shifted the direction in which they were looking, but it was still plain enough to see the focus shifting.

"You want to know something?" Taegen asked.

The ringtail lifted her gaze enough to look at Taegen properly. "Mm."

"I don't think your story is eighty one, like I said. It's fifty eight."

Cheyenne--Cheyenne's ears tilted back. Short, sharp condemnations.

Taegen pressed on all the same. "You're the one who sees something on the far bank that she wants. You have a goal, something you could really desire. Not just a passing fancy."

Cheyenne's expression softened.

"So you think, Ah, there we go! Just what I was after. But it's on the far bank, right? So you look around and you see the crocodile. He's a good kid, you know. The type of person who would try to do right by you, even if he doesn't get the whole story.

"Well now, you've got a means, and you've got a goal, but you don't have the influence to make it happen. So you sit down by the crocodile and you say, Great day out here, really nice. And he says, Yup. And it's not great and all, but you know it's gonna take a while to sway the crocodile's interests to align with yours.

"I always find myself thinking of the far bank, of what that would bring me, what I could gain by being there. The croc frowns. Each bank is the same to him. The river is as valid as land, when it comes to crossing.

"All I think about, the croc says. Is how I'm going to meet someone. Come to a river, and you've got a one dimensional dating pool. I can't meet anyone across the river I can't meet on this side. The river's not that wide."

Cheyenne was grinning outright, though she stayed quiet to let Taegen finish her telling.

"And that crocodile, well, you know he was kinda of an asshole. All he was thinking about was what he'd get out of the deal. Sometimes that's good and all, like you want to get to the other side too, right?

"Still, you've got goals other than just Hey, just looking for a lay."

Cheyenne's grin gets tight, a bit mean, but no less earnest.

"So you give it a bit of thought, and you duck off down the bank, and you put your hard-earned basket-weaving skills to use, and you come up with a present for the crocodile.

"Tell you what, buddy, you say. I know a bunch of folks on both sides of the river. I've got a guy on the other side, he says he knows someone. I think she's even on this side of the river.

"The croc laughs, and comes back at you with. Why don't you just send her my way, then?

"Well, it's not that easy, duh. I don't know the girl, I just know my guy, he says he knows all sorts of these girls. You give this big, exasperated sigh. Look, just get me over there, and I'll get this all sorted out. We both want that, right?"

The ringtail was fully engaged now, laughing and rolling her eyes and nodding along with Taegen.

"You can always tell when a guy's just after one thing, so you just need to point it out to him. Anyway, that's what you've done, and your friendly croc bud helps you across the river. That shit's deep, and you could swim, but that'd suck.

"Crocodile dude drops you off at the far shore, and sure as shit, you're closer to where you want to be. Sweet, thanks, you say. My buddy here, he says that you've got someone already waiting for you on the other side. She's heard all about you, if you know what I mean. See? there she is now!

"And you point across the river. There, just across on the other side, poking just out over the water, is the snout of another crocodile! Well, your dude, he gives you the biggest thumbs up and tackiest wink one could manage, and starts back across the river with your blessing.

"That's your crocodile on the other side, after all. You made her out of reeds, built up from whole cloth, and now here you are, where you need to be. What your dude does with his very flammable wife is up to him. You've done your part."

Cheyenne laughed outright at that last bit, and Taegen grinned happily in response.

"I'll give you an nine out of ten on delivery on that one," the ringtail said. "You sold me at the end there, but at the beginning, it sounded like an apology."

"Yeah." Taegen grinned sheepishly. "I'm sorry, Cheyenne."

"It's cool, I swear."

"So what about the story?"

"Oh, that gets a ten out of ten."

Taegen laughed. "Oh yeah?"

"Of course! I think your earlier story was true, too, but this one's better. I got here, didn't I? I got what I wanted."

The otter went quiet at that, tilting her head. "How do you mean?"

Cheyenne shrugged. "I got here. I made it across the rockies, and I have a few more, uh...rivers to cross, but I got here with a bunch of help."

Taegen nodded, waited.

"It cost a lot. More than I want to say. But I can move on from that."

The otter gathered up the ringtail's paws in her own and gave them a squeeze. "You sure you're okay?"

"I think so, yeah." Cheyenne nodded. "He's too interested in experiences, rather than people. He can go off and get more of those, while I get what I want."

Taegen nodded, and let the silence linger on. Finally, she screwed up the courage to add, "You can stay here, too, you know. Long as you need."

Cheyenne laughed easily. "Thank you. You've done so much for me."

"Does that make me your crocodile?" Taegen shot back, grinning.

The ringtail didn't respond verbally, but leaned in and give Taegen a kiss.

The otter froze. It was completely out of the blue, though perhaps some part of Taegen suspected it was coming. The tension had been a thing, of course, but had always been on her end. She hadn't expected a homeless girl to be giving her a kiss, no matter the stories that surrounded it.

All the same, the otter relented, shifting more onto her side and ignoring the twinge in her tail. When presented with a kiss, there was no further categorization to be done. They were kissing, and that was that.

The moment shifted and so did Cheyenne, leaning back away from Taegen. The otter plastered her whiskers back against her muzzle. She couldn't hide just how much the kiss had affected her, but she could at least distract from the fact.

"Tell me your name."

Cheyenne smiled. It was a soft and kind smile, open and honest. "Cheyenne."

"I'm not going to wake up to a different name, am I?"

"Would you like to?"

Taegen laughed. "Probably not. If your goal was to subvert me organizing everything too much, you did it. This, though--" and she leaned forward to give Cheyenne another kiss. "I'd like to hold onto this."

The ringtail smiled, looking happier than before with nose nearly pressed in against Taegen's. "'Cheyenne's real. That's my true name."

Her whiskers bristling from the close contact, Taegen smiled. "What power does that grant me, knowing that?"

"What power would you like?" Cheyenne grinned.

"Flight?"

Cheyenne laughed.

"Seeing through walls, maybe?" Taegen continued. "Precognition? Pyrokinesis? That might be nice with it being this cold."

"And dangerous, probably."

It was Taegen's turn to laugh. "Okay, yeah, probably."

The ringtail propped herself up on an elbow, resting her cheek in her paw. "Okay, how about company, then? I can give you the power to not be alone, at least for a bit."

"I don't know if that's a power, really, but I'm more than happy for it."

Cheyenne shrugged and grinned down to the otter, "Good. I don't feel very powerful. I don't grant wishes or anything, but it's good to be here."

"Mm," Taegen agreed.

Cheyenne paused, then laughed. "And this is the point when you kiss me again."

And so Taegen did.

The otter would ever be herself, and she owned that. It was her place in life to classify the things around her, and so she took up the reins and did as she was built to do.

Cheyenne, her fur was soft. It wasn't pillowy or silky, but it did fall into the category of soft, similar to the way silt was soft.

F.S03 --- fur, soft, dry and smooth. {: class="text-right"}

The ringtail was small --- she barely fit in Taegen's clothes, and the otter wasn't large by any stretch of the imagination. But one can wear oversized clothing in a number of ways. Cheyenne didn't seem young, like a girl wearing her father's clothes. She didn't seem like someone wearing ill-fitted clothing. She was just comfortably two sizes smaller than Taegen, and was wearing that clothing while her clothing was being dried off. That had to be a trope of its own.

C.Sm.03 --- clothing, small, by necessity (cute). {: class="text-right"}

Sometimes, one comes out of the shower smelling not just clean, but bearing the Scent of Clean, patented and trademarked. Cheyenne had just come out of the shower earlier in the day, but she smelled...not clean, but of herself, with nothing standing in the way of that.

Os.C.10 --- odor (self), clean, pleasant (not perfumed). {: class="text-right"}

She was responsive to Taegen's touches. She didn't arch or buck her hips or do anything so silly, but neither was she totally passive. Taegen felt that she could drag her paws down along the ringtail's sides and front, and trust that she would continue to feel that confidence. Not eager, but willing. Not slack, but still. Not passive, but soft. Available and open to Taegen as the otter moved against her.

R.5.05 --- responsiveness, consensual, familiar. {: class="text-right"}

Nose twitched, ears perked, paws touched. Taegen explored and investigated, gleefully categorizing as she went. Cheyenne was middling ticklish, more quiet than not, and prone to stretching when touched. When they interacted, they were neither verbose nor silent, neither shy nor bold; just a comfortable commingling that was sensual enough to be labeled as such without being lewd.

Taegen ignored the twinges of pain in her tail as she moved. It was more important to find the ways in which they fit together than to hold her tail still. There are things, she knew, that she would regret the next day: stretches, actions, words. Each of those was duly labeled and set aside.

The otter focused instead on the things that made them both feel fulfilled. They were both all-in on this, they were both moving together, and that left her path clear: there were a limited set of choices she could make, and she made them.

By the time the two of them settled down together once more, panting and laughing, Taegen knew that her classification of Cheyenne had been wrong from start to finish. The act, the moment, the motions --- those had all been tagged and labeled, described and delineated.

The ringtail: not at all.

Cheyenne had come into her life through both of their actions, as well as circumstances outside their control. Along each step of their journey, each had made choices and taken actions that wound up here, with each tangled in their own clothes, and both tangled with one another, sharing pleasure and breath.

Every step of the way had been noted and slotted into its own comfortable box.

Taegen, as a person, was easily classified, but Cheyenne...she was wholly uncategorizable.


When Taegen awoke early the next morning --- very early, far before her alarms --- she was alone. Cheyenne was gone.

When she thought of the last few days, she wasn't totally surprised. The parable from the night before had been accurate enough: Cheyenne had gotten to the other side of the cold snap. Taegen would be left grappling with the Cheyenne-that-was, the Cheyenne and the Taegen and the Cheyenne, for a while yet.

Not surprised, but not happy. She had set aside that hindbrain need to categorize and order her life for someone, and now they were gone. Maybe that was good, though. Maybe she needed a bit less order in her life.

She clumsily paced her apartment for a few hours, that Tuesday. The university was still closed for the remainder of the cold snap, though the temperature was now well above zero. She suspected it was more of an issue about the boiler than the temperature. Either way, she was still all wobbly from the strain in her tail.

She made coffee.

She took a nap.

There was nothing she could do to follow Cheyenne. There was nothing she would do to follow her. Cheyenne had moved on, and Taegen was left to deal with what remained. Taegen could no more follow her than the crocodile could. She was bound for the other shore, for more loneliness and more dreams.

She put a movie to playing.

She cleaned the kitchen and picked up all the blankets on the beanbag.

She slowly reorganized her life around this Cheyenne-shaped hole, and the only thing left missing was her catalog of folktales.
Cheyenne,

Haven't heard from you in a while. Do you think I could come up and visit for xmas? Been a while since I've seen the little monsters. Let me know before prices go up.

How are you? How is Leila?

LYF

Mom


Mom,

I'm sorry I haven't gotten back to you recently. Things on our end have been awful, if I'm honest.

Leila and I are thinking of splitting up.

I don't know about Christmas. I hope you understand.

LYFA

Cheyenne

Oh honey, I'm so so sorry. What happened? Was it about work again?

I still want to come out and see you. More now than I did before. Can I do anything to help?

LYF

Mom,

Sorry, I guess my last email was pretty skimpy on the details.

Yeah, the work thing got bad, then got a whole lot worse. I knew Leila was unhappy with it and all, but I don't think I realized how unhappy. I mean, I'm not happy with it, either, but obviously it's the life I live - and have lived - so it's in my blood. She wasn't happy hearing that.

Well anyway, dozens of arguments later, it comes out that she got fed up enough to start sneaking out and seeing others. Maybe if she'd been open about it or whatever, I would've been more able to work with it, but I think it just goes to show that neither of us are happy and neither of us can trust each other.

We tried doing the counseling thing. Even brought Cheyenne and Eileen to some, but I don't know, mom. I feel like I'm in a bad spot with that. I feel like I'd like to be the one to talk things through with the kids, not some very expensive stranger, you know? It makes me feel like I'm out of touch with how they feel about things, and like it would just sow distrust in them of us.

I'm lost, mom. What do I do? This is all so overwhelming...

LYFA

D

Cheyenne,

It's not easy stuff to work through, I know. It sounds like you're doing a good job of things, and certainly like you're doing right by the kids.

You both knew that there would be a lot of compromise going into this relationship, but maybe you just didn't realize how much? I hope I'm not overstepping or anything, just that sometimes compromise works and sometimes it doesn't. That's just the way of things. You and I had to compromise on a lot, and it's worked out okay (I think!!), but Justin and I tried and never could get it to work.

As for what to do, just be honest. Painfully so, if need be. That said, you should be careful about Cheyenne and Eileen. If you want to talk about all this and work on the divorce thing, *don't do it on your own.* Do so with Leila. Both of you talk with them together, and don't be afraid to talk about the problems you and L are having. They're smart cats, they'll be able to understand, and may have good advice for you, too! Treat them like adults, and they won't treat you (either of you!!) like mysterious unapproachable aliens throwing their lives into chaos.

Call me if you need?

LYF

Mom

Mom,

Sorry for the delay. Things are up and down over here. We did as you said and have been talking things through with the kids, to mixed results. I can tell they're uncomfortable and unhappy about it all, but I feel like they're getting it, and having their say. And I feel more connected with them about it.

The downside is that it's splitting L and I's thoughts on the matter in a weird way. When we talk about things in front of the kids, it feels like we're saying one thing, but when we talk in private, it's something different. We both act so civil around them because we have to, that it's made our arguments in private more painful. Things were sort of a maybe until we started doing this. Now it's feeling more like a definite.

It hurts so much, mom. I love Leila, and I love the kids. If this is the direction we're going in, I guess that's what needs to happen, but none of this work stuff is going to look good to a judge. The thought of losing them has me not eating, not sleeping.

I don't know what to do.

LYFA

I know, honey. I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I know it's not easy stuff. When things have broken down this completely, there is no outcome of this that is going to feel fair, but you love your children. It's plain to me, and I hope it's plain to Leila and any judge in the matter. You won't have them taken away from you. Just make sure you stay in their lives. Make sure you do what you can to help them want to stay in yours, too. (Not saying buy their affection, just show your love and appreciate (visibly) the love they show you.)

LYF

Yeah, the goal is not to be my dad here.

Sent from MobileMail

Cheyenne,

That's not fair to me *or* your dad at all. He and I had our differences and we couldn't work them out, but my goal was never for you to hate him. We shared our time with you as we did, for better or worse, and I tried to keep channels open. That's why I'm saying what I am. Help them want to be in your life.

LYF

That's just the thing, mom. You keep pushing me to him, but there's nothing there. Not saying your advice is bad, it's certainly good. It's advice I wish you could give dad. The guy hit me, though. I was never good enough for him. He was an abusive jerk and you know it. Why would I want to go and show him *any* positive attention?

Seriously, I've tried to handle this divorce shit and my relationship, hell, my fucking life the *opposite* of how you handled things. You both provided me with so many bad examples of how things could go. And yet here I am, reliving the fucking past.

Sent from MobileMail

Cheyenne, honey, I'm so sorry.

Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. You're my baby, remember? Long as I live.

So please, please understand me when I say that I'm sorry. Both your dad and I handled that entire situation terribly. *Both your dad and I.* I messed up back then, and if I could go back and change things, I would. I don't know if that means staying with Justin longer so that I could protect you or getting the divorce sooner to get you away from him. I don't know how I can fix it now, other than to help you not *become him.* We're after the same thing, here. Neither of us want you to be him, to wind up in his shoes.

That's why I keep pushing you toward him, though. I know it had to have hurt him for you to cut him from your life. I can't imagine how much it would hurt if Cheyenne and Eileen did that to you.

I can't speak to your relationship with Leila. You know that Justin and I were cordial to each other, but when things ended, they ended, and there was no going back. If you two can patch things up, then that would be great! If you can't, though, you're right: don't be like your dad and I.

Love you forever

Mom

I'm sorry, mom, you're right. I know things weren't great for you and dad either, and I know you're just trying to help. It's just hard. It hurts a lot, and it's making me really upset at the drop of a hat.

Love you for always

D

And as long as I live My baby you'll be!

The problem with being a parent (and you'll understand this more and more as Cheyenne and Eileen grow up) is that your children are both the better versions of yourself and also doomed to repeat so many of the mistakes you did. You took a lot away from how things were when you grew up. Like you said, you took away the things that went wrong and want to do the opposite. You have my blessing on that! You make me endlessly proud when you do so.

But you also took away my work ethic. That's a good chunk of why Justin and I didn't last. Not the main reason, of course, but still, it was there. And now it's playing havoc in your life.

All we can do is try and do better. What happened isn't all there is to us. What defines us is also what we become.

LYF

Mom

I don't really know what to say. I didn't realize that was a problem you and dad had, too. I'll have to think about it.

Things are still up and down, but have been a bit more up recently. I still think things are going to end in a divorce, but talking with the kids forcing us to be more civil has helped a lot, and we've started talking about an equitable split.

Thank you, mom. I know I got snippy, but you're right, and have helped more than you realize.

Can you still come up for Christmas?

LYFA

D
"I'm sure that we can find something for you here, sir. We have the largest selection of mattresses anywhere in Sawtooth."

An angry opossum, Jake decided, looked basically like an angry rat. They all looked about the same, when they were angry. they get their teeth out. They make a show of balling their fists as if to say my claws may be manicured, but that doesn't mean they aren't still sharp. "I can't see how you can live with yourself mister--" The opossum peered at Jake's badge. "Mister Jabbs. You stand there, calm as can be, when you're peddling...peddling...when you're selling filth!"

The wolverine tilted his head to the side and offered his best apologetic smile. "I'm sorry, sir, I really am. We stock several different kinds of mattresses --- we're one of the largest retailers in Idaho, you see --- and we understand that you've received one that isn't a good fit for you. If you would be so kind as to come with me, my manager would be more than willing to get you set up with a mattress you would be happy to take home with you tonight."

Alissa popped her gum with a grin once Jake made his way back to the sales island they shared. "Another champ, huh?"

"Mm, they do seem to come in waves."

"I heard that bit, the I don't know how you live with yourself. I've gotten two this week." The coyote rolled her eyes dramatically, and added, "Sometimes, I don't know how I live with myself either."

Jake shrugged and shuffled his sales materials into a stack, racking them against the counter before loading up his clipboard once more. "Oh, it's not so bad. They come in, they yell, they go home. They buy something, they return it, they think they've won. We all go home."

Alissa frowned, "That easy, huh?"

The wolverine gave a lopsided grin, "That easy."

"Okay, no, I'm with them. How do you live with yourself? If you were any more laid back, you'd be asleep."

"Well," Jake said, straightening his tie and strolling back onto the floor. "I am from Canada."
Two foxes walked into a bar.

Well, okay, a diner. But most of those middle-American diners are outfitted with a bar type area, complete with red-and-chrome stools - you know the sort - which is close enough. Both were full of giggles, outfitted with grins and their most casual of "nice" clothes. Somehow managing to look similar without being related, the two got along as though they were brothers. One was taller than the other, and though both were thin, he came off as lanky, whereas the the shorter fox seemed more waifish - more of a track runner than his friend, the basketball player.

Although the restaurant was nearly empty - its only other customer being one of those old hound dogs who sits at the bar, nursing his second cup of coffee while staring at the gold flakes on the formica counter as if they might somehow swirl into formation, revealing the deepest secrets of the universe or the solutions to all his problems - the two jovial friends made their way to the corner booth and plopped down across from each other.

Their animated discussion, more gossip than anything, was interrupted by a cat on roller skates popping her gum loudly by the table.

The foxes grinned up to the waitress, who had picked up on the jovial mood and was beaming down at them. "What'll it be, you two?"

Straightening up, the larger of the foxes proclaimed, well rehearsed, "A vanilla milkshake, please, and a couple of spoons."

The waitress' eyes flicked between the two, but she said nothing, simply taking down the order before rather pointedly asking the other fox what he'd like. The smaller of the two stammered for a second, caught off guard, "Uh.. c-coffee, please."

The rollercat nodded and skated on off, leaving the two foxes to glance at each other, nervous, unsure as to whether they'd committed some sort of faux pas. Each shrugged at each other at the same time and both giggled, slipping back into their animated chatter.

The feline rolled smoothly up to the table again, this time with a tray holding a shake, two mugs, and a carafe of coffee. Setting the shake in the middle and the two mugs in front of each fox, she poured them both a cup of coffee before zooming back to the kitchen with the kick of a skate.

The coffee sat ignored by both foxes as each grabbed a spoon from the shake, pulling it out to get that first bite: that one where the spoon's already covered with a liberal coating of shake, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. Coated spoons made their way into waiting muzzles and subsequently licked clean by attentive tongues.

With much laughter, the conversation continued, drifting from teachers to movies, parents to homework. Slowly, carefully, the shake was diminished, each taking care to leave the maraschino cherry standing in the middle of the glass atop a pillar of sagging whipped cream.

The talking wound down until the two were eating in silence, the taller of the foxes apparently lost in thought as he stared out the window, while the smaller watched his friend with tilted head.

"Whaaat?" asked the larger vulpine when he caught the other's gaze, muzzle lifted with a half grin.

Laughing, the fox shrugged and dipped his spoon in the slowly melting desert, holding it out to the taller fox. Giggling quietly, he leaned forward to take the proffered bite. Resting his chin on his paws, he smiled happily as he let his friend feed him another few bites of the treat.

Smiling just as much, the shorter of the two fished around in the glass with his spoon to get at the cherry, bright red. Picking it up delicately by the stem, he offered that as the next bite, his movements slow and deliberate. Leaning forward a little further, the larger fox delicate picked the almost-too-sweet fruit from the stem, eyes locked with the other's.

With his co-conspirator in shake enjoyment still leaning forward like that, it didn't take much for the smaller fox, still moving deliberately, to press toward him across the table. It was fairly clear what he intended to happen next.

Clear even to the waitress, who had rolled up at this inopportune moment to refill the untouched coffees. With a snap of her gum and a grumpy look, she jotted something on the check, slapped down on the table, grumbled, "I should've known," and pushed off towards the kitchen.

The two foxes sat in stunned silence for several seconds as the insides of each of their ears blushed a matching shade of pink. The larger fox's shaky paws fiddled with the check for lack of anything better to do, while the smaller fox sat still, eyes wide and welling up with frightened tears.

The check had "get a room" scrawled across it, and "on the house" scribbled hastily at the bottom. Taking that as their cue to leave, the pair made a clumsy escape from the diner, followed by the disdainful gaze of the rollercat.

Once they had made it out onto the curb, the warm evening air a welcome change after the spreading coldness from the shared milkshake, the two foxes gave a cautious look back through the glass into the diner. The waitress was still watching them from behind the counter.

They decided on home instead.

The two walked slowly down the street toward the larger fox's house, the closer of the two homes, in silence. The taller of the foxes kicked at the sidewalk, more trudging than walking, and the smaller fox gave his friend a few glances with apologetic eyes.

"I didn't think... I mean, I guess I shouldn't have done that..."

Nothing.

"I'm sorry, I guess I forgot..." he trailed off once more.

Still nothing. The larger fox was looking down at his shoes as they scuffed along the concrete, his paws stuffed deep within his pockets.

"I think we should call off the rest of the night." He walked in silence for a few more steps, brow furrowed, before repeating, "We should call off the rest of the night. See you tomorrow?"

The shorter fox, stunned, stood still for a moment before hurrying to catch up with his friend, grabbing lightly at his elbow, "No, wait."

The taller fox stopped, but would not meet his friend's gaze, frozen in place.

"I'm sorry, don't go," continued the smaller fox.

The taller of the foxes turned slowly and unhooked his friend's paw from his elbow, taking it in his own, slipping his other paw free of his pocket to hold both of his friends in his own. "I just feel weird about things, you know?"

"Well, shucks, I do too, but," he paused, then gave a defeated shrug. "It was still a nice night, wasn't it?"

A smile tickled at the corner of the taller fox's mouth and the tenseness in his shoulders and posture softened. "Yeah," he said at last, nodding. "Yeah, it was still a nice night. Thank you."

They smiled shyly to each other then both looked down the street to where the larger fox's home lay, the soft glow of the porch light.

The larger of the vulpines turned to look back his friend, grunting in surprise when his muzzle met with another, one which had been aiming to give him a kiss on the cheek. Both blushing foxes mumbled an apology at the same time, giggled together, and pressed into an awkward kiss, noses mushed together and lips not quite hitting their mark.

Two foxes stood on the sidewalk, half in light and half in darkness, working out the logistics of their first, vanilla-flavored kiss: all the little things that make foxkissing nice, like tilting muzzles just slightly so that the nose is out of the way and standing on tiptoes, exploring new intimacies. Ears laid back and tails all atwitch, still holding hands, the couple relaxed back from the kiss and smiled at each other before averting their eyes bashfully.

Still blushing, still grinning, still paw in paw, they continued on their way to the taller fox's house.

"Times are changing," the smaller vulpine observed as they neared the low-slung suburban home. "I think they're getting better, don't you?"

The other fox was slow to smile, but it was an earnest one. "Yeah," he offered, nodding slowly, as though his mind was still churning away. "I take back what I said earlier. Do you...do you want to come in for a while?"
A cool, pale blue lightness sitting just behind her sternum, Taegen made what she promised herself would be a quick pass through the kitchen

She brushed her fingers along the edges of cabinet doors. Each one was opened and inspected, leaving her standing on tiptoes to peer in those above the counters. Nothing but cups and glasses, plates and bowls, cutting boards and pots and pans and trays and dishes. All clean and neatly stacked.

Each cabinet was carefully left ajar. The vixen had perfected the art of finding the balance point that would leave them open before the weight of the door on the hinge would close them, without simply leaving them all the way open. The barest crack.

The fridge bore her inspection patiently, door held open as she inspected along each of the shelves, gently moving well organized bottles to check between each of them. The freezer was equally patient as the vixen lifted containers of leftovers and trays of uncooked meats. Doing her best to avoid glancing at the back walls of either, she pressed the doors shut to keep the fridge from endlessly breathing cold out into the kitchen. Just to be sure, she opened them again, savoring that clean snap of the magnetic seal pulling away from the body of the fridge, then gritting her teeth in frustration as closing the door offered no such tangible reward.

The oven yawned out to her, empty. The oven was easy, because it had a light that turned on while open, and off when closed. The fridge did, too, but the oven had its pristine glass door through which she could observe the light cycling. The stove had similar lights which, the associate at the hardware store assured here, were connected directly to the burners. Even so, she touched each cook-top surface gingerly to test for warmth, turned all the burners on, then off again.

On a whim, the drawers were next. Thankfully, most of those were empty, and the rest mostly so. The underside of the silverware tray was inspected with care.

That coolness in her chest ticked up in intensity, a little pang, as she held the drawer partly open. Anxiety into fear. A cool, blue, perfectly smooth and perfectly round fear just behind her breastbone, snaking tendrils out along her limbs.

Down on her knees with tail bristled out, Taegen eased open the cabinet door and peered up toward the underside of the drawer, ensuring that there was nothing between the drawer's underside and the cabinet, and that the drawer sides didn't reach the underside of the counter, that there was a gap.

The pang continued to grow with an implacable intensity, arteries as avenues to carry it throughout her body. Pressing visions of cramped quarters and unassailable darkness, of not enough space and not enough air, of the sheer uncaring of one's surroundings.

So she checked the rest of the drawers.

Finally, swallowing as best she could, Taegen stood in the center of the kitchen. She fished her phone out of her pocket, and thumbed the screen on. Turning a slow circle, she took a panorama of the kitchen.

She waited for the panorama to stitch itself together, then pulled it up and inspected it carefully, scrolling along its length.

Cabinet. Cabinet. Fridge. Cabinet. Doorway. The barest hint of a figure.

Her head jerked up and she let out a shriek at the sight of her husband standing at the entrance to the kitchen, tired smile on his muzzle. Her phone dropped from her paws and she clutched at her chest, that cool ache replaced with hot embarrassment.

Cheyenne stepped forward quickly and lifted up her phone careful to touch only the edges, and deposit it back into her paw. "Sorry, Taegen, I should've stepped in more. May I hug?"

Taegen laughed breathlessly, inspecting her phone and tucking it back into her pocket. "Yes, sorry! Of course!" She leaned into her husband's open arms, breathing that familiar scent. "Are you okay?"

The taller fox --- much taller, which Taegen quite enjoyed --- tucked his muzzle over her head and nodded against her. "I'm fine, it's alright," he murmured. "You going to head into work today, sweetheart? You only have one from-home day left this week."

"I think so, yeah. Feeling pretty good today, actually." That cool ache sat in her chest, where it didn't grow any, yet somehow made it's presence all the more known. The cold of anxiety tickled along her ribs, threatening to make a liar of her.

She had to ask. She had to. Just ask. She just had to ask. "You sure you're alright?"

The pang subsided.

Cheyenne leaned back and nodded where she could see him, then leaned in again to touch his cheek to hers --- the closest she could stand to affection around her face. "Fine, love. I'm doing okay."

Taegen returned the touch and nodded, silently promising that thin pang of fear that Cheyenne meant to say "I'm fine", rather than a grouchy "fine", that her husband was just tired, not tired of her.

"I'd like to head out soon, is that alright?"

"Mmhm, I just need to grab my bag. Need to pack."

Cheyenne nodded. "It's by the door. Check your phone, it's already packed."

Her ears twitched to attention, smile brightening. Sure enough, just before the pano of the kitchen was a photo of the inside of her shoulder bag. Laptop, all her pens, an empty book of blank paper she never could bring herself to write in, and an umbrella.

"Alright, just a quick look. Let's head out before I get lost again," she waved vaguely at the cabinets, ignoring the cool blue sensation of doubt traveling down her arms, little flares arcing out from the anxiety in her chest. She could see the cabinets were open. She didn't need to check. She didn't need to check. She could see. She didn't need to--

Cheyenne seemed to pick up on her hesitancy and set his paws on her shoulders, "Come on, bag's all packed, love."

Sure enough, it was packed.

The ride to work was about a four, she decided. She'd had better days, but this was far from her worst, even though her morning had been a seven, approaching an eight out of ten on her arbitrary scale of badness. Most of the time, she was able to look out the window at the passing traffic, and the rest of the time, she was able to distract herself with her phone. The app she used for her federated feeds gave a satisfying click every time she pulled down from the top to refresh it.

Cheyenne talked to her about his upcoming day throughout the drive in his calm, soothing voice. That was the second best thing she loved about him: his words seemed to instill a sense of the proper temperature. Not the cool-to-cold obsession, nor the heat of frustration or embarrassment.

He put up with her, too; that was the best thing about him.

That was one thing that always calmed her. All of the things that made her life difficult, all those obsessions and rituals, they all didn't feel like so much work when she thought about Cheyenne and the way he cared about her. She could ask him if he was alright a million times, and he would always say yes. If he was upset about work or money, he would say that he was okay, and then explain his frustrations.

Everyone else moved so much faster than he did, so haphazardly. There was so much noise and so much movement. So many ways for things to go wrong, so many missed opportunities to make sure someone else was okay.

She'd gotten her job to let her work from home three days a week just to make sure she could get enough of a break to be productive. It had taken a doctor's note, but it had worked, and she'd kept her job.

That note was humiliating.

The medical industry solemnly swore that Taegen Kelly was off her rocker, utterly crazy, completely bonkers, that madness rode her like so many ticks. All so she could get three days at home to stay productive.

The diagnosis had been fine. Her family dealt with her getting steadily worse over the years, and when they finally got her in, hearing "obsessive-compulsive disorder" confirmed that they were not crazy, she was. She'd resented them right up until her first dose of the emergency sublingual anxiolytic. It had made her sleepy, but it had made her mind quiet. It had quelled so many of those cold pangs of anxiety.

She remembered thinking before nodding off that night, "Fine, okay, it is just me." It had been depressing, but it knocked her resentment of her family down a few notches.

Cheyenne one-upped all of her family's care: he'd fallen in love with her, he said, whether or not she checked all the cabinets to ensure that no one was stuck, slowly starving to death. He'd gotten her more than just meds, he'd gotten her therapy. A doctor who was working with her on a steady program of exposure: "Next time you're in the kitchen, walk in, take a glass from the cabinet, pour yourself a glass of water, and walk out. Think about how that feels." Little steps, over and over. Her family tried to hide her, Cheyenne tried to help her.

And he'd gotten her more than just meds and therapy, he'd gotten her him.

By the time they'd stopped at her office, just outside the front door, the day had been knocked down from a seven, to a four, to more like a two. A brush of cheeks, two I-love-yous, and one are-you-alright, and she was off to work.

"You're picking, love."

Taegen jolted to awareness, realizing just how much she had zoned out. She pinned her ears back, massaging the fur on her wrist in an attempt to cover the frayed patch where she'd been digging with her claws, trying to root out a bump she'd thought she felt under her skin. "Uh, sorry, Cheyenne. Are you okay?"

The fox smiled and turned off the engine, pulling the parking break up with a series of sharp, satisfying clicks. He looked exhausted "I'm alright. Work was...it was a long day. Eight appointments, two meetings, no lunch. I'm starving, can we get inside and whip something up?" His expression of excitement was transparently false.

"Mmhm, I'll make us something quick," she said, giving him her best goofy grin in return. "Microwave. I promise."

Taegen felt lucky she was actually able to pull off a seamless dinner, even if it meant relying on microwaved leftovers. She loved to cook, but sometimes, reducing the friction her brain seemed intent on pushing into the act was what the night called for. Ovens and stoves are fraught with needs, dangers, anxieties. The more tired Cheyenne was, the less she wanted her personal idiosyncrasies to intrude on him, or on them.

They settled into their respective sides of the couch with their plates, and set the TV to droning. It was Taegen's night to choose, so the result was a documentary. Cheyenne had put his foot down early on and specified that they would alternate nights of choosing programs to watch. That had soon after been amended to specify no repetitions of a program or movie within a month's span, when Taegen watched the same documentary four times in two weeks. Old habits from university turned coping mechanisms.

Tonight was some investigative journalism piece about missing people. It wasn't particularly interesting to Taegen, but the narrator's voice was nice.

Taegen finished faster than Cheyenne, but she always did. All of her anxieties around correctness and proper fit and safety, and somehow none of them ever involved food. Chow's chow.

"Sweetheart," Cheyenne murmured, setting his plate to the side. "Can you pet?"

The vixen straightened up and set her phone to the side, nodding eagerly. "Of course. Are you alright?"

"Mmhm, I'm alright. Is it okay if I lay down?"

Taegen nodded and shifted from her half-curled position to a proper sit as Cheyenne shifted and turned, settling back to lay his head in her lap.

"It's exposure therapy, just like with the kitchen," her therapist had said. "All of these are just means of exposing yourself to the biggest stressors and triggers in a careful and controlled way."

Cheyenne had come in with her that day. For a while, they had had group sessions once a month with her usual therapist, "so that you can learn to be whole together." The phrase had made Taegen roll her eyes, but there was no denying the utility of the sessions.

"So she should just touch me?" Cheyenne had asked.

"If you two would like, yes. Just a simple touch, a way to interact with fur deliberately."

"Would you like that, Cheyenne?"

He had grinned at that, she remembered, and nodded eagerly. "I always loved that feeling as a kid, but thought it was childish to ask for it."

Her therapist had smiled and nodded encouragingly. "Just petting, then. No picking, no grooming, no inspecting. And no goals, this isn't a sexual exercise."

There had been a tense silence at that. Her therapist had looked between them, then offered, "That can be a separate exercise. For now, there should be no goal to the act other than exposure and being close to one another. It should be a comfortable way for you to work on your coping mechanisms around the picking."

And so Taegen set to petting, brushing her claws lightly through Cheyenne's fur, combing lazy rows into it, fingertips tracing around the base of her husband's ears. Her day had gone well enough that there wasn't any tugs this way or that on her anxiety. No tugs this way or that on Cheyenne's fur.

The narrator's voice droned on through the second half of the documentary, and neither fox noticed when it stopped and looped back to the loading screen. The motions of the vixen's petting had become hypnotic for them both: Cheyenne had nodded off, and Taegen wasn't far behind.

When Taegen received her work-from-home permission letter, it had been a joy and a relief. Getting the letter had been humiliating, as had the request from HR. They had been so positive about it, so supportive, and so clueless. Lots of "we just need to make sure" and "we want you to be safe, but also present".

She was present. She was just too present.

Work had known this when hiring her, too. She had made it clear in her cover letter when applying, and had repeated it (and repeated it, and repeated it) during the interview. Cheyenne had had to talk her through a night of anxious pacing and had even requested she turn her phone to net-only mode so that she wouldn't be so tempted to call and reassure her potential employers, yet again, that she had OCD but was willing to do everything she could.

"We are happy to welcome you to the team with the position of junior editor," the acceptance letter had said. "We are eager to help you achieve all that you can in your work life. Please see HR about additional accommodations during orientation."

And they did try. She was the cubicle furthest from the kitchen. They special-ordered her a desk which was a simple, flat table with no pesky drawers or cabinets. They provided her with a laptop --- paid for in installments direct from her paycheck --- instead of a desktop. It came pre-loaded with all the stuff she'd need, as well as some stuff she didn't, but found useful anyway. The time-sensitive monitor dimming software was nice, so she left that on, and she used the timed-break software to dictate when she could check her feeds.

It just hadn't been quite enough. Nothing ever was, with OCD, perhaps by its very definition.

Her cubicle being so far away from it hadn't necessarily kept her from the work kitchen. There had been several instances of her getting caught prowling through the cupboards. Caught by coworkers she didn't know well enough to explain why she she had to leave the cabinets open.

She got a get-well-soon card addressed to her husband after she called to check on Cheyenne on every break and several times besides. She had accepted the card as gracefully as she could, stammering out a lie about a death in the family.

The worst had been when HR had called her in one day for a meeting. It was a toss-up as to who was more anxious, her or the fretful mouse saying, "This is totally confidential, but one of your coworkers has been concerned about the appearance of your fur, and has asked me to pass this on." On the printout she was given were several domestic abuse hot-lines.

That's when she'd asked about working remote.

Friday was a work-from-home day. It was always a bit of a relief for both her and Cheyenne. It was time away from all of the awkwardly shaped stresses of the office for her, a time with the more familiarly shaped stresses of home. And it was a time for Cheyenne to relax, drive as he pleased, go eat out. He had once admitted that he would, on occasion, duck over to a nearby coworker's home to join him and his wife in cooking a gloriously uncomplicated meal.

When Taegen had first set up this arrangement with her employer, she had imagined that remote days would be far easier than working from the office.

She was half right. At first, it had been much easier. The fact of just how terrifying driving was --- there was doubtless some helpful exercise her therapist would come up with --- combined with the completely uncontrolled and uncontrollable nature of the office weighed her down and left her anxieties scrabbling for purchase.

Home was where all the particulars lived, however, and so home housed all of her particular anxieties. After a week of trying to work from the living room, Cheyenne helped her move her setup to the breakfast bar in the kitchen. It was a less-than-ideal solution, but, on bad days, she would at least be quick about checking the cabinets.

Home is where her grooming kit was --- something Cheyenne made sure she never brought to the office. Picking and over-grooming was a problem, but one that could be solved eighty percent of the way by just not having access to grooming implements. Her claws were only so good, after all.

Home is also where it felt okay to check her feeds. She began using the ergonomics software that timed her breaks in earnest, putting her phone in the living room and only checking it when the software told her to put a break. Or at least trying to.

Some days, days like today, it felt like the only anxiety remote days solved was that which surrounded driving.

Taegen knew the uptick in anxiety was due to the upcoming Saturday. An anxiety that seemed to veer wildly between "very good" and "oh no".

Work was obscured by a constant cloud of half-formed fears. Her thoughts were obscured by subtle corruptions, with so much un-rightness, un-wellbeing. Her view was filled with cabinets thrown wide open, the oven door hanging slack in an unchanging yawn. And still she felt that trapped feeling, that fear of being locked in total darkness, too cramped to move, air too thick to breathe.

When her break timer went off, she skittered through the kitchen, pausing only to make sure that the cabinets on the other side of the breakfast bar were still left open, and dashed out into the living room to grab at her phone. Anything to scratch one of those myriad itches. Anything for some breathing room.

By the time she had curled on the couch, she'd already gotten her phone unlocked and her feeds open. There was nothing before her but her phone and the cushions at the back of the couch, nothing behind her but an empty room. She'd curled with her head toward her end of the couch, since she knew she'd have to call Cheyenne if all she could smell was him at his end.

One news item. Fluff story about mod shops.

Two social updates. High school friend posting a selfie (not a good one, could see up his nose), and Cheyenne talking about food.

Her tail, already bottlebrushed and full of nervous twitches, nearly jerked her off the couch in a rush of excitement. She cursed and scooted herself further onto the couch, slipping a paw back to brush along her tail, to calm the fur.

Taegen tapped 'favorite' on the post and flipped over to her messaging window with Cheyenne.

[2:03 PM] Taegen> Hey you. What's cooking?

The vixen winced. That had a different meaning, didn't it? What's cooking, what's cooking. What's cooking? What is cooking? Hey, what's cooking, sexy?

She growled to herself and tamped down her clamoring anxieties. Cheyenne was endlessly patient. Had been from day one. Last thing Taegen wanted to do was let her anxieties spill over onto the badger.

[2:04 PM] Cheyenne> Casserole! I made some marshmallows yesterday, too. Alright if I bring those with tomorrow? I was going to surprise you, but figured I should probably ask.

Tension drained from her as the chill of stress melted into a pleasant embarrassment. A flush of warmth within her ears. A goofy smile. Where Cheyenne was calm, collected, and supportive, Cheyenne was kind, warm, and earnest. Both did wonders to calm her.

[2:04 PM] Taegen> You make marshmallows?

[2:04 PM] Cheyenne> Yup, they're really easy. Just sugar, corn syrup, gelatin, and whatever flavor you want

Taegen grinned to her phone. She had no idea why it was surprising to her that people, not just machines, made marshmallows. It fit Cheyenne perfectly.

[2:04 PM] Taegen> That's cool. What flavor?

[2:05 PM] Cheyenne> Lime. Sound good to you?

[2:05 PM] Taegen> Sounds excellent. She paused, then tapped at the keyboard to add, I'm really nervous, but really excited.

[2:05 PM] Cheyenne> Me too. I've been thinking about it all morning. I've never been on a date

Taegen's grin grew wider and the flush within her ears grew warmer.

[2:05 PM] Taegen> Wait, never?

[2:06 PM] Cheyenne> Well, I mean I've been on dates, yeah, but never a DATE date. Like, one that was agreed upon as a date ahead of time

[2:06 PM] Taegen> Oh. Me neither, come to think of it. Cheyenne and I would go out and whatever, and then just suddenly -boom-, in a relationship. I don't think either of us said 'date'.

[2:07 PM] Cheyenne> *laughs* yeah? I suppose that makes sense. You sure Cheyenne is okay with this?

[2:07 PM] Taegen> He says he is every time I've asked. He says it'll be good for me, but I worry.

[2:08 PM] Cheyenne> I know. We'll keep talking about it, though

[2:08 PM] Taegen> Yeah.

A comfortable pause, and then a thrill of chill anxiety behind her breastbone, a splash of blue mood.

[2:09 PM] Taegen> You alright?

[2:09 PM] Cheyenne> Doing great!

The chill faded again. There was a soft, pleasant chime from the kitchen. Taegen grumbled.

Taegen [2:10 PM]> Break time's up, I gotta get back to work. You working tonight?

[2:10 PM] Cheyenne> Yeah. I traded shifts so I could get tomorrow off

[2:10 PM] Taegen> Good. You sure you don't want to go to Book and Bean for our date?

[2:10 PM] Cheyenne> *laughs* QUITE sure. Last thing I want to do is go on a date where I work

[2:11 PM] Taegen> Fine, fine. Have fun, and I'll see you tomorrow.

[2:11 PM] Cheyenne> Can't wait! <3

The chime was growing louder and more insistent in the kitchen, but Taegen clutched her phone in her paw for a moment longer, smiling at that little heart at the end of Cheyenne's last message.

The rest of the day had passed with relative ease. The conversation with Cheyenne had broken a lot of cycling trains of thought. Not all of them, but enough that she didn't get interrupted by her compulsions. She was at the point where, as her therapist put it, she could acknowledge the obsession, recognize it, and...well, not let it go, not this time, but at least set it at the periphery where she could keep an eye on it..

All the same, Taegen found herself spending as much time listening intently for Cheyenne's car as she did working.

When she finally heard it, the relief was palpable.

Levering herself up from her stool at the breakfast bar, Taegen saved her work and swung the lid of the laptop shut, stood, and stretched. She padded toward the front hallway and waited for her husband.

Cheyenne perked his ears and smiled to be greeted at the door. "Hi sweetheart. Everything okay?"

"That's my line." The vixen grinned and leaned in for a hug. "And yeah, I'm doing okay. A bit stressed, I suppose. Are you alright?"

Slipping his arms around her, Cheyenne leaned into brush his cheek against his wife's. "Mm, very good. Good end to the week, glad to be home."

Cheyenne felt secure to her. Safe. A warm and solid presence for her to lean in against, different from Cheyenne. Steadier, perhaps, more familiar; less exciting, but pleasantly so. "Glad you're home, too," she purred. "You sure you're alright?"

"Very much so. Alright if I come in and get changed?"

Taegen canted her ears back and laughed. "Uh, sorry. Suppose I'm a bit in the way, huh?" She tightened her hug for a moment, then ducked back into the kitchen, letting her husband pass.

By the time Cheyenne joined her in the kitchen, she already had a pot of water coming to a boil, and cubes of chicken sizzling in a pan. Chicken and pasta was simple enough, clean enough, to make it an easy meal for her to deal with when she was up to cooking. Despite the day being something of a mess when it came to stress, she was feeling good enough after talking with both Cheyenne and Cheyenne that she figured she'd try to work on engaging with the kitchen.

"Smells good, sweetheart. Chicken?"

"Mmhm." She flipped each cube of chicken precisely before tipping the box of dried pasta into the water and giving it a stir. "Wanted to cook something for you tonight."

Cheyenne padded beside her, murmuring, "Thank you, dear, that means a lot. May I hug?"

Taegen splayed her ears, hesitating for a moment before shaking her head. "Um, let me get to a better point, then I can. You alright?"

The fox nodded and slipped around the corner to sit on one of the stools. "Alright. And yeah, I'm good. Feeling lovey, is all."

"Let me finish, then," Taegen grinned. "And then I'll get all lovey with you."

Cheyenne laughed and nodded, watching her cook.

Simple or not, the chicken and olive oil smelled good to Taegen. Nothing special, taste-wise, but the homeyness was attractive. Chicken and noodles, some oregano and rosemary, some salt and pepper, and a --- very generous --- grating of Parmesan over the top.

Once Taegen got the food dished, leftovers boxed, and pots into the sink, they migrated to the couch with their bowls of food and ate quickly and quietly, both apparently too hungry to talk. No TV, just some music, a playlist Cheyenne queued up.

"Alright," Taegen said, once Cheyenne had finished and set his bowl aside. "Lovey time."

The fox laughed. "Alright. A hug and some pets?"

Taegen nodded happily and leaned into Cheyenne for a comfortable hug, each turning toward the other on the couch. After some affectionate cheek-rubs, her husband shifted about until he was sitting cross-legged facing her, muzzle dipped down and ears perked. Taegen obliged and reached up to brush soft pawpads over the ears.

"Mm. Thank you, love."

She nodded and stroked along Cheyenne's ears from bases to tips a few times, then set to sifting fur through her claws. Confronting the kitchen by cooking, confronting the picking by brushing through dry fox fur. For as twitchy as the morning was, she felt a little proud with her engagement with this evening.

Plus, Cheyenne's little happy purrs and content sighs made her feel accomplished.

"You excited about tomorrow, sweetheart?"

Taegen nodded and brushed her fingers back through Cheyenne's fur, ruffling it up before combing it straight again. "Anxious, but excited, yeah. You sure you're alright with it?"

Cheyenne nodded. "I'm sure. It'll be good for you. And Cheyenne's nice."

A twinge of cool unquiet struggled against a warm flush within her ears, but she nodded all the same. "She is."

"I'd be surprised if you didn't think so," Cheyenne laughed, flicking his ears against Taegen's paws. "You're picking a bit, love. Would you like to talk about something else?"

Taegen tugged her paws back quickly from there they had dug through Cheyenne's fur. "Uh, sorry. No, this is okay. Are you alright?"

"Mmhm. Maybe just pet my ears?"

"Alright." Taegen went back to stroking the velvety triangles. "And yeah, I'm excited. Still a little surprised that you're alright with me going on a date with someone else, but happy all the same."

Cheyenne finished another one of those content sighs before replying. "I love you dearly, Taegen, but I know how much Cheyenne means to you. She's good for you, she's fond of you, you're cute when you're together. It works."

Taegen kept her bashfulness to herself as best she could, and focused on the feel of her husband's soft fur.

The bus ride to the 13th Street Plaza was uneventful in all ways except for how much Taegen fretted about the date to come. She pulled out her phone, refreshed her feeds, put the phone away.

Ten seconds later, and her phone was already back in her paw. A swipe down on the page, that satisfying click, no new items. She put the phone away with a conscious effort. She had promised herself she wouldn't text Cheyenne more than once during the whole date, unless she needed or wanted a ride home. She desperately wanted to text him now, but was doing her best to save that option for later.

Cheyenne greeted her at the stop. The badger looked kind and cozy and happy, enough that a good chunk of Taegen's anxiety was transmuted into proper excitement.

She bounced off the bus and straight into a hug, "Hi you!"

"You made it," Cheyenne laughed. "Good to see you. Been all nervous here at the bus stop. 'What if she doesn't come?' I feel like a dorky teenager all over again."

Taegen grinned. "Yeah, I was all fidgety, too. You alright?"

"Mmhm. Excited, is all." Cheyenne leaned back from the embrace and grinned. She held up a small paper bag. "I'm sorry to say that I ate a bunch of them earlier, but I brought some marshmallows for you."

"I'll admit that I've never had a homemade marshmallow," Taegen admitted, peeking into the bag, then reached in to grab one. "They're square! What's the white stuff?"

Cheyenne reached in to grab one as well. "Cornstarch. Keeps them from sticking together."

Taegen sniffed at it carefully. It smelled sweet, with a hint of citrus and what she could only describe as chalk. She figured the last was probably from the cornstarch, so she took a cautious bite and chewed. It was...well, a marshmallow. But it was fresher than any she'd ever had, far more flavorful and less cloying. The lime was delightful, almost as an afterthought. A bit of brightness that added without overwhelming.

"'oh-ee thit!" She laughed a puff of cornstarch and struggled to chew the rest of the marshmallow, swallowing to say more clearly, "Holy shit, Cheyenne. That's good!"

Cheyenne grinned as best she could around her own marshmallow, a dusting of cornstarch on her muzzle. One she was able, she laughed. "Glad you like, dear. Come on, let's walk a bit before real food. We can save the other two for dessert."

The 13th Street Plaza had begun some decades before when the courthouse lawn and the road in front of it had been redone to fix the water main. The city had decided that in order to keep the shops there open for business, they would turn the two blocks to either side of the courthouse into a pedestrian mall. It was an attempt at turning the utility fix into something that benefited the city.

It had worked, after a fashion. Due to the traffic problems, 12th and 14th had to be reworked down the line, but the plaza had become an institution. It was anchored on one end by a record and video store, and on the other by The Book and the Bean, a coffeeshop in front that faded seamlessly into a bookstore in back and the second floor above it.

On a warm fall weekend like this, the street was full of folks of all sorts enjoying the evening: lounging on benches, poking in and out of shops, watching buskers and jugglers. Several of Sawtooth's homeless and itinerant population were parked, as usual, on the lawn of the courthouse. Come eight or nine, the security guards and police would start ushering them off, but until then, everyone seemed cozy just where they were.

Down the center of the plaza, Cheyenne and Taegen strolled side by side, talking. Cheyenne described her old job at a CPA office and how it went from comfortable and familiar to awkward and, at times, frightening when a coworker disappeared. How she'd left for a simpler life to work at The Book and the Bean. About the split with her husband that followed. About her love of food and cooking.

Taegen mostly listened. The excitement and nervousness had settled down to the comfortable glow she felt with the badger, with the added gloss of giddiness that came with the capital-D Date. It was comfortable around Cheyenne, there was little she wanted to add.

"Antica Roma sound good for dinner?"

Taegen nodded, "I've only been once. Sounds good to me."

Cheyenne grinned and nodded, letting Taegen stand in front of the restaurant while she went inside to get their name on the list.

[5:53 PM] Taegen> Hi Cheyenne! You okay?

[5:53 PM] Cheyenne> Doing great, love. Everything going well with Cheyenne?

[5:53 PM] Taegen> Really good. She's getting us on the list at Antica Roma, otherwise just talking.

[5:54 PM] Cheyenne> Good, sounds good to me. You two have fun!

[5:54 PM] Taegen> Will do. You alright?

[5:54 PM] Cheyenne> I'm good, sweetheart. Have a good evening!

"Half an hour!"

Taegen jolted and grinned sheepishly to the badger, pocketing her phone. "Oh! Okay, sounds good. You alright?"

Cheyenne tilted her head. "I'm fine, don't worry about me. How about you? Hope I'm not stressing you out."

The vixen splayed her ears and shook her head. "I'm fine. Sorry." She bit her tongue a moment, holding back another are-you-alright. "I'm good."

They turned and continued on their slow stroll down the plaza. Antica Roma was directly in front of the courthouse. Cozy and pricey. Definitely date material.

"You sure you're alright, dear? You got quiet."

"Uh, sorry. I'm fine." She laughed breathlessly. "Sorry. Are you...uh, sorry."

Cheyenne tilted her head and gave the fox a nudge with her elbow, her concerned smile inviting Taegen to continue.

"I was just going to ask if you were alright, but I'd already done that." She scuffed at the back of her neck with her paw. "That's...one of my things, I guess."

Cheyenne's expression softened. "A compulsion?"

Taegen nodded and gave an apologetic shrug.

"Well, I'm just fine," the badger smiled, leaned in, and gave the fox a kiss to the cheek.

Taegen froze, fur bristling.

"Shit, I'm sorry if that was--"

"R-really nice." Taegen giggled, ears pinned back. That giddiness swelled within her. "That was really nice."

It was Taegen's turn to pick up the conversational lead as they continued to meander east. She talked about the various compulsions and the obsessions and anxieties that drove them, about her struggles with relationship-rightness and need to repeatedly ask Cheyenne --- and, lately, Cheyenne --- if they were alright. She talked about her therapist and attachment styles and the exposure therapy that was part of her work. She talked about the problems with touches to her face.

Cheyenne, for her part, listened attentively up until the end. "I'm sorry about the kiss, I didn't know."

Taegen shook her head insistently. "It really was nice, Cheyenne. I just have a bit of trouble with it, is all. I...hmm. Here. Like this."

She skipped ahead a pace and turned so she could face Cheyenne, took the badger's paws in her own, and leaned forward to brush her cheek in against Cheyenne's own black-white-gray cheek, feeling the coarser fur against her own.

"Thats, um," she murmured, smiling bashfully. "That's my kiss."

Cheyenne went from looking startled to grinning widely in a heartbeat, leaning in to give another rub of the cheek in return. "You are adorable, Taegen, you know that?"

The vixen huffed and stamped her foot, shaking her head.

Slipping one of her paws free, Cheyenne started to walking again, Taegen falling into step beside her, ears hot with embarrassment and excitement.

Cheyenne drove Taegen home after dinner.

Taegen hadn't know Cheyenne had a car, much less were the badger lived. After dinner, they'd walked down 13th, past The Book and the Bean for a few blocks, and suddenly, they were standing in front of a small townhouse and Cheyenne was unlocking a car.

"Easy commute to work." Taegen carefully clambered into the badger's sedan. Old, serviceable, very clean.

Cheyenne laughed. "Yeah, I'm super close. I walk, but have the car for errands and such."

The ten-minute ride was mostly quiet, otherwise. They had been talking nearly non-stop for well on five hours now, and their silence was comfortable. Taegen's mind was quiet, glowing. She reveled in the silence.

By the time they pulled up in front of Taegen and Cheyenne's house, the vixen could feel just how much the night and all the anxiety that led up to it had taken out of her. It was a cozy sort of exhaustion, the satisfying kind.

She sat in quiet for a moment after Cheyenne put the car in park, then sighed contentedly. "Thank you, Cheyenne. Tonight was wonderful." She hesitated, then added, "Would you like to come in? Say hi to Cheyenne?"

The badger shook her head. "Not tonight. You look exhausted, and I have work in the morning." She shrugged, looking sheepish. "Besides, I worry that'd be a little weird. Next time, perhaps."

Taegen lay her ears back and nodded. "Okay. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne laughed and nodded. "Wonderful, Taegen. Can I have another, er...kiss before you go?"

The fox nodded once more, ears tilted back as if to hide her embarrassment. She leaned in and brushed her cheek in against Cheyenne's, enjoying the familiar-yet-new sensation of it.

"Hey," the badger murmured as they lingered close. "I have Wednesday off. Can I see you again after you get off work?"

Taegena leaned across the center console to hug awkwardly around Cheyenne, hungry for a bit more contact before heading inside. "I'll ask Cheyenne, but I think so, yeah."

With one last cheek-rub, she unbuckled and slipped out of the car.

Cheyenne met her at the door, smiling. He held the screen door open so that he could let Taegen in and wave to Cheyenne out in the car. "Have a good evening, sweetheart?"

Taegen bounced once or twice in a fit of residual excitement, "Very good! You okay, Cheyenne?"

Her husband let the screen door shut and ushered Taegen further into the house so he could close the door proper. "I'm fine, yeah. Look at you, though, you're glowing," he laughed. "May I hug?"

"Mmhm. Sorry, I can't help it," she purred, leaning into her husband's arms and rubbing her cheek up against his own. His fur was softer, warmer, more familiar than Cheyenne's. She certainly felt as if she were glowing.

Cheyenne returned the affectionate nuzzle and murmured quietly, "No need to apologize. I'm happy for you, sweetheart. Did you invite her in?"

Taegen nodded and relaxed against her husband's front, tucking her muzzle up under his after the 'kiss'. "I offered, but she said she has work in the morning." After a moment, she added, "She said she also would feel a little weird about it."

"Mm, okay," Cheyenne said. "Maybe it would have been awkward. Hopefully that's something that will change, though. Something we can work on."

"Do you feel weird about it?"

"About her coming in?"

"Yeah." Taegen shrugged. "Or about any of this, I guess."

"A little," Cheyenne said. He leaned back from Taegen enough to meet her gaze. "I'm happy for you, though, sweetheart. It will take some getting used to for all of us, is all."

"I think I understand. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne nodded. "I'm alright, love. It's good to see you happy. You look exhausted." He hesitated for a moment before asking, "Would you be up for chilling on the couch for a bit before bed, though? I want to hear about your date, if you'd like."

Taegen nodded and tightened her hug around Cheyenne briefly before relaxing. She padded quickly past the entrance to the kitchen so as to not get caught up in compulsions just yet, though she could feel the doubt and worry growing frostily within. She clambered up onto the couch and dug her phone out of her pocket instead. She'd checked her feeds in the car, so they should be empty, but the act of pulling down to refresh was a comforting thought.

Cheyenne laughed and followed after her, flopping back onto the couch. "So," he lilted. "How was your date?"

Taegen tilted her ears back as if to hide the warm flush of embarrassment. "It was...good." She laughed giddily and shrugged. "It was good. We walked along the plaza. Ducked in to say hi to her friends at Book and Bean, ate dinner at Antica Roma."

Cheyenne grinned, nodded, and made little urging gestures with his paws, as if drawing more story out of his wife.

"We talked a bit about her and where she is in life." Taegen fiddled with her phone, pulling to refresh over and over, just for the sound of the click. "And we talked about me, and the compulsions. Like why I ask if she's alright, or you're alright, and why it's hard to have my face touched."

"Oh?" Cheyenne perked up. "Did she kiss you, then?"

Taegen's ears went from being just tilted to fully pinned back. "W-well," she stammered. "She did. I um...I showed her what works instead of that."

Cheyenne nodded and opened his mouth to speak, before being cut off frantically by Taegen.

"Are you alright? Is that alright?"

Her husband held up his paws to forestall any further questions. "It's alright, I promise. I'm really happy for you." He laughed and added, "Sweetheart, you're adorable."

Taegen smiled nervously and bowed her head. "Uh, thank you."

"Of course, love." Cheyenne held his paws out, offering. Taegen relaxed, set her phone in her lap, and rested her paws in his.

"Are you sure you're alright, Cheyenne?"

The fox brushed his thumbs over the soft-furred backs of his wife's paws. "I think so, yeah."

Taegen winced, more at the words than the touch. "'Think so'?"

"Mmhm. I'm really happy for you. I was just thinking," he trailed off, shrugged, and pushed ahead. "I was just thinking, the kiss is probably something only the two of us had ever done, until tonight."

Taegen shivered and nodded. Without any direction for her nervousness, without anything to obsess over other than her relationship-rightness with Cheyenne, she felt trapped, frozen in an icy block of anxiety. "Is that okay?"

Cheyenne nodded. "It is, sweetheart. Like I said, it's something for us to work on. It's new, not bad, and I'm trying to change to make it work."

The vixen nodded, struggling to find an outlet for that energy. She couldn't meet her husband's eyes, and was unwilling to lose the contact of his paws holding hers for anything so silly as grabbing her phone. Her tail was already bristled out between her and the arm of the couch.

"Hey. Taegen, look here," Cheyenne said. When she pointed her muzzle at him without making eye contact, he lifted her paws in his, and gave them a rub of his cheek, a 'kiss' to their backs. A gesture he'd never done before. "Look at me, sweetheart."

At that, she did make eye contact. She felt on the verge of tears, without fully understanding why. Cheyenne was so reassuring, so loving; and she was so terrified of losing him. Cheyenne was smiling so kindly, and she could barely keep from crying.

"May I hug?"

Taegen nodded, and let Cheyenne draw her into his arms. They brushed cheeks a few times, before she just wound up resting against him. She managed to keep from crying outright, but at the expense of some sniffles.

"Tell me something good about your evening," Cheyenne murmured, after Taegen had calmed down.

She thought for a moment. "I think...that I was able to open up, I guess. I can talk about stuff with people, but only really engage with you two." She hesitated, then added, "If that makes sense."

She felt Cheyenne nod above her. "Yeah. Talking can take a lot out of you, if you're not engaging."

"Mmhm."

"And did you come up with any plans for another date?"

"She suggested maybe Wednesday. She said she had it off."

"Go."

Taegen jolted at the word, and Cheyenne laughed. "I mean, go on the date. Not go away or anything."

"Really?"

Cheyenne nodded again. "Definitely. Go. I want you to experience more of that, and I want us both to get more comfortable with this. All three of us, I suppose."

"Okay." Taegen bit at the side of her tongue, realized what she was doing, and forced herself to stop. "And you're alright?"

"I'm alright, sweetheart."

Sunday was a calm leisurely day for the pair.

Cheyenne cooked brunch --- Taegen was hopeless when it came to eggs --- while Taegen picked out songs she thought were interesting and tried to explain why to Cheyenne. Later, they walked to the park at the end of the block and made their way through the Frisbee golf course. Neither played, but it was low-key exercise, and comforting for Taegen to walk each hole from start to finish.

Later, Cheyenne ran to get groceries while Taegen wrote on some of her personal projects.

That night, they watched two movies, having each picked one.

The sheer normalcy of the day helped to dampen Taegen's lingering anxiety, keeping the day from going above a four. She liked Cheyenne a lot. Maybe even loved her, who knew. But the things that she shared with Cheyenne she could never share with the badger. She and Cheyenne could watch movies, but it would never be the same as watching movies with Cheyenne.

Throughout the day, it never felt right to bring up in conversation, though. Neither she nor Cheyenne talked about the night before, nor the upcoming Wednesday. It didn't feel like a closed topic, so much as something that was comfortable to wait on.

It only came up again on Tuesday night, when it came to setting up logistics. It was Cheyenne that brought it up first.

"Do you know what you two are doing tomorrow night?"

Taegen looked up from her phone. She'd spaced out during whatever Cheyenne had picked to watch after dinner. Chatting with Cheyenne, no less. "She suggested dinner at her place."

Cheyenne nodded. "Do you want to me to drop you off on the way home from work?"

"Oh! That would work." Taegen sat up. "Would that be okay?"

"Of course, sweetheart."

Taegen picked at the fur on her wrist. There was a slight bump just on the top of the bone, perhaps a small scar from picking earlier. She'd already worried a small bald-patch in the fur. "You sure that's alright?"

"Mmhm, I'm sure." Cheyenne held out one of his paws for hers.

She transfered her phone to the other and let her husband take her paw. She smiled bashfully, "Sorry, I was picking."

Cheyenne lifted her paw, turned her wrist upward, and leaned to brush his cheek over it. "A kiss to make it better."

Taegen giggled happily and moved her phone to the armrest of the couch so she could lean in closer, and return the kiss in turn, brushing her cheek in against his. "You're a dork."

He laughed and gave her paws a gentle squeeze in his own. "I love you too, sweetheart."

She squeezed his paws back before tugging free, grabbing her phone once more and squirming around to lean back against him. "Alright, let me tell Cheyenne, then, before I lose my nerve."

Shifting to let her get more comfortable against him, Cheyenne rested his arm up along the back of the couch, making a show of watching the movie. Taegen was protective of her phone, but Cheyenne always went out of his way to show he wasn't shoulder-surfing.

Once she'd finished and gotten the okay from Cheyenne and set her phone back down in her lap, Cheyenne tilted his muzzle enough to brush it against one of his wife's ears. "You've been doing really good the last few days, you know that?"

Taegen tensed at a frisson and flicked her ears against Cheyenne's muzzle. "Tickles," she mumbled, then nodded. "Yeah, it's been good."

"Any particular reason why?"

"I think--" Taegen hesitated while she dug for words. "I think just having a direction to put energy."

"Good, yeah." Cheyenne gave her ear another nuzzle before leaning down to put a kiss --- a proper one, rather than a cheek-rub --- atop her head.

Hunching her shoulders and splaying her ears to the sides, Taegen tucked herself in closer to her husband, paws folded together so she could pick at her wrist again.

"Sorry, sweetheart. Bit too much?" Cheyenne lifted his muzzle clear of the area to let Taegen scrub at the spot with her paw.

"Uh, a little." Realizing what she was doing, she reached up to tug Cheyenne's arm along the back of the sofa down along her front so that she could focus on petting rather than picking. "Sorry. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne let his arm be claimed, carefully snaking it partway around his Taegen in a sort of hug. "Mmhm, I'm fine."

The two sat quietly, letting the rest of the show play out until the credits.

"I love you, Cheyenne."

"Mm? I love you too, sweetheart."

"I think I forgot to say so earlier," Taegen murmured sleepily. "Thank you for putting up with your nutball wife."

Cheyenne turned enough to give her a fond cheek-rub. "Of course, love, that's my job. Let's get you to bed so you can be all rested for tomorrow."

Work often colors the perception of days of the week. Taegen, for instance, had three quarters of her meetings on Wednesdays. It was her day of drudgery. The one day she wasn't allowed to work from home. There was a project sync-up, an editorial staff meeting, a project lottery, and a one-on-one with her direct supervisor.

Best case, Wednesdays felt like less-productive workdays. Taegen would sit in her spot by the door and try to pay attention to the staff meeting. As junior editor, she wasn't eligible for the project lottery, but she might be working with someone who was. She'd talk through progress on her own project with the team during the sync-up, then she and Jeff, her manager, would hash out the details. Jeff always seemed vaguely puzzled by Taegen, but she got her work done, at home and at the office, so he rarely complained.

Worst case, she'd be a jittery mess. She'd play with her phone, or pick at spots on her arms. She'd fret over Cheyenne. She'd fret over home. One week, she seriously considered buying a net enabled camera for the house so she could keep an eye on things, then had to run to the restroom and wash her face to clear thoughts cameras and stoves and cabinets.

This Wednesday was seemingly neither of these. It was apart from other Wednesdays in some intangible way.

She was going to have her husband drop her off at her girlfriend's house tonight.

She kept repeating that over and over inside her head, trying to make the shapes fit. Work. Husband. Girlfriend. Husband...driving me to girlfriend. And it's a good thing? Very good.

She'd never had a giddy Wednesday before.

"Taegen? You okay? 'Bout done here."

She snapped her head up, smiling apologetically to the coyote. She brushed her fur down on her wrist. "Sorry, Jeff."

"It's okay. Stressful day?"

"No." Taegen thought for a moment. "Well, yes, but not at work. Date tonight."

Jeff racked his notes against the desk. "That sounds good. Where are you and Cheyenne headed?"

Taegen halted halfway out of her chair.

Shit.

"Uh. We're..." She struggled to come up with something, feeling suddenly more on the spot than she probably was. All that she could think of was the truth. "We're going to someone's for dinner."

True enough.

"Oh, well, have a good one," Jeff said, smiling quizzically as Taegen skittered out of his office.

She managed to make it through the rest of the day without incident, but perhaps only by dint of her sticking to her cubicle as much as possible. She spent half her time there working, and the other half daydreaming and digging at the spot on her wrist. That little bump she'd found had been a focal point ever since, and she'd already picked it clean of fur. There had to be something there. Splinter, ingrown fur, or something.

As early as she could manage without attracting attention, Taegen made her way out to the front of the building, camping on one of the benches normally used by smokers during their breaks.

Fall had treated Sawtooth well, this year. There had been a few chill days, but no freezes yet. It had remained unremarkably comfortable. The sort of weather you never think about. The sort of weather that was only ever "nice" in conversation.

It was nice, too, so Taegen sat and waited outside for Cheyenne. Enjoying the non-conditioned air, relative quiet, and natural light.

The sun warmed the dark fur of her paws as she brushed her claws through fur, half-conscious of searching for any other perceived imperfections. The rest of her dreamed of Cheyenne and Cheyenne, and the different sensations of their cheeks against hers.

"Sweetheart?"

Taegen yelped and jumped to her feet. "Cheyenne! Sorry!"

The fox laughed and held out his arms to offer a hug. "It's okay! It's okay. Spacing out?"

"A little," Taegen gasped. She got her breathing under control and un-bushed her tail with a few brushes of her paws before leaning into Cheyenne's arms. She brushed her cheek up against his. "Sorry. You alright?"

"I'm alright," he said, tightening the hug for a moment. "How're you?"

Taegen relaxed against her husband a bit longer, enjoying the solidity of him. "I'm good. Weird day, spent most of it up in my head."

The fox nodded, gave her a squeeze, then guided her back to his car. "Good weird? Stressful weird? Your paws and arms are all ruffled."

"Good weird, mostly." Taegen brushed her paws down over her arms, realizing she'd gone after more than just that spot on her wrist without realizing it. "Better than I look, I guess. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne waited to respond until they'd both clambered into the car. "I'm alright. Long day, but a pretty good one. Going to meet up with Cheyenne from work, grab dinner with him and his wife while you're out. You excited?"

"Yeah. It's been going through my head all day. You sure you're okay driving me?"

"I already am," he laughed.

Taegen tilted her ears in a flush of embarrassment. "Right. But to Cheyenne's?"

Cheyenne nodded.

"Alright." She picked at her thumb briefly, then forced herself to stop. "This feels a little goofy, I guess."

"What?" he laughed. "Driving my wife to a date with her girlfriend? I guess it is. It was on my mind all day, too. I'm still happy for you, though."

Smiling nervously, Taegen brushed her fingers along her arm, finding bits of fur she tugged out of order and straightening them out as best she could. She kept finding new bumps and spots begging to be picked. Eventually she just gave up. "I hope it goes well. Been looking forward to it."

"It will sweetheart, I'm sure of it."

"Just hoping I don't get all weird about her kitchen cabinets or whatever, is all."

"If so, do you think you could ask to put on a show or something?"

"Mmhm." Taegen grinned to her husband. "She's got your taste in movies."

"So, good movies, then?" Cheyenne laughed. "Maybe we could do a double date or something, sometime. A...one-and-a-half date."

The vixen grinned. "That might be fun. Is that something you'd be up for?"

Cheyenne hesitated. "Down the road, perhaps."

Taegen's smile faded. "Okay. You alright, Cheyenne?"

He nodded. "Yeah. Just hit by the realization of how strange and new this feels, still. I'm trying, though. Maybe we ought to all get together soon, just so we can...I don't know, be around each other. See how we work."

"That'd be good."

They drove in silence for another few minutes, until they made it onto east 13th street. Cheyenne rested his arm down on the center console, paw up, and murmured, "You're picking, dear. Want to hold my paw?"

Taegen squirmed and clenched her paws into fists, then relaxed them again and rested her paw in his. "Sorry, Cheyenne."

She still felt itchy those last few blocks, still felt as though her skin were imperfect beneath her fur. Dirty. She focused on just resting her paw in her husband's, on the feeling of his pads against hers. She imagined she could trace every line across his them, feel every perfection of his and each imperfection of hers.

Cheyenne smiled over to her, then nodded up the street. "This it, here?"

"Oh! Already." Taegen smiled. "Yeah, the one with the green car out front."

The car slid smoothly up to the sidewalk in front of the townhouse. Cheyenne had to reclaim his paw to shift into park, but quickly returned it. "Have a good evening, okay, sweetheart? Message if you need a ride back."

Taegen gave his paw a squeeze once she got it back, leaning over to brush cheeks with her husband. "Mm, alright. Can I leave my bag with you? Um, and are you okay?"

Cheyenne laughed and nodded. "I'm good. I'll get your bag home safe and sound. Now go, have a good time," he said, tugging his paw free so he could shoo his wife out of the car.

"Alright, alright." Taegen beamed, leaned in for one more cheek-rub, then slipped out onto the sidewalk. "Love you."

"Love you too, sweetheart."

The vixen closed the car door behind her and made her way up to the stoop. She knocked, and once Cheyenne opened the door, waved back over her shoulder to her husband.

"Hey you." The badger grinned.

Taegen smiled back and leaned in to brush her cheek against Cheyenne's. "Hi. Long time no see."

"It's been ages," Cheyenne laughed, opening the door further. "Days, even. Come on in, dinner's already ready, so no need to prep anything."

She followed after Cheyenne, slipping into the entryway, swishing her tail out of the way, and closing the door behind her.

Cheyenne's place is bright and spacious. A simple place, clean and orderly, the room was larger than she would've expected, though perhaps that was due in part to the way the kitchen was an open corner of the room. Kitchen, dining room, and living room provided a veritable landscape of a room.

It was very Cheyenne.

"Your place is beautiful."

Cheyenne nodded. "I like this place. Cyril never did, so I lucked out on that end of things when we split. Come on in, though, make yourself comfortable.

Taegen followed the badger as she trundled in to the kitchen. The sight of all of those cabinets, clearly visible from anywhere in the great room, made Taegen's arms itch all over again. "Didn't realize how big this place was. Never seen a kitchen this exposed to the rest of the house."

"It's nice, isn't it?"

"Mm." So many cabinets. So many drawers.

Stop it, Taegen.

"I can duck in and out of the kitchen whenever I want," Cheyenne said proudly. "Suits me, I guess."

The fox forced herself to stop gritting her teeth and smiled, "That it does. Smells nice in here, too."

"Chicken and pasta sound okay?"

"Sounds wonderful," Taegen laughed. "My favorite, actually. Good guess."

Cheyenne tapped at her temple with a claw. "Smart folk, badgers. Read it in your future."

"Read?"

"Dumb joke. I do tarot readings on the side."

"Really?" Taegen blinked. "I mean, I guess it fits. Madame Cheyenne with a wicked pack of cards."

"I'm no clairvoyant, more like something between a therapist and a mom." Cheyenne laughed and shook her head, "I did make us food, though. Ready to eat now?"

The two ate at the dining room table, though the 'dining room' was simply a handy spot next to the kitchen.

After some waffling, Taegen took the seat facing away from the kitchen, though she regretted it soon after. It felt as though the cabinets were watching over her shoulder. Too much anxiety, too much blue.

Still, the food was very good, and not at all how she would've made chicken and noodles. Cheyenne had cooked the chicken to be quite spicy in the barest hint of a sauce, and the noodles were tossed with peppers and vegetables. Looming kitchen or not, Taegen cleaned her plate. The badger was a wonderful cook.

They talked about their day, though Cheyenne did most of the talking. All Taegen could manage was to say that she'd been nervous all day. Cheyenne filled in for her, talking about deciding what to cook, running into people at the store, peeking in at The Book and The Bean to say hi.

From anyone else, Taegen would've glossed over all of this as polite chatter, but it was comforting, coming from the badger. Her voice was soothing, her words reassuring. She had a kind sense of humor, and could get Taegen laughing without anyone being the butt of a joke except perhaps herself.

The conversation flowed from the day to broader topics, and as Cheyenne swept the dishes off to the sink, Taegen talked about her work, and what had gone into finding a job that would work with her as well as this one did. They wafted over to the couch --- much to Taegen's relief --- and slouched together. Taegen kept talking, about school and finding ways to live and work, and about meeting Cheyenne.

"You're a very lucky, fox, Taegen. You and Cheyenne fit together so well." The badger smiled kindly at the vixen's embarrassment before carrying on. "I mean this in the nicest way, but I think he needs someone to care for, and you need someone to care for you. It's a good fit."

"Thank you." She looked down at her paws and shrugged. "I guess if I'm honest, it wasn't until I admitted to myself that I couldn't do things alone that I started doing better. I never did well as a kid, and no one knew what to do about it, so they just left me alone."

"'They'?"

Taegen gave a dismissive wave of her paw. "Mom and older sister. Mom was unpredictable, Marguerite was just mean."

"Yeesh, childhood's hard enough as is, without that." Perhaps sensing the tension in the fox, Cheyenne shifted the subject. "'Marguerite'? Is your family French?"

"Oh goodness no," Taegen laughed. "We're from here, via the east coast, and I think England before that. Mom was crazy, though, and really wanted to have been from France. 'Taegen' isn't even really a French name, not like 'Selena' or 'Celine'. My mom thought the extra accent made it sound more French, but now I just mean 'lunar'. She lived in a fantasy."

Cheyenne gave the fox an appraising look. "You don't look much like a moon, dear."

"I'd hope not." Taegen grinned.

The badger slipped her arm around Taegen, gently tugging the fox toward her. Taegen squirmed to get her tail out of the way and let herself be guided until she was leaning back against Cheyenne, and Cheyenne back against the arm of the couch.

"You are looking kind of pocked and cratered, though," Cheyenne murmured, brushing fingers along the scuffed up and pocked fur on Taegena's arm.

"Sorry. I was picking, I guess." Taegen massaged at a tuft of fur on the back of her paw self-consciously. The badger was comfortable and comforting, but that didn't stop the desire to dig at her fur.

"It's alright, dear. You don't need to apologize." The badger fussed a dull claw through another of those tufts, then paused. "I should have asked. Is this alright? Me touching where you were picking?"

"It's okay, yeah. If I try to do it now, I'll find what I was picking at and start doing it again." Taegen tilted her head enough to get a peripheral glance of Cheyenne, a pale blue flare of anxiety tickling along her spine. "Sorry. I mean...sorry. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne met Taegen's head-tilt with her own, brushing cheek to cheek. "Shh, I'm alright, dear. Let me take care of you," she murmured, setting about grooming along one of Taegen's forearms. She worried her claws through the fur around each spot, straightening it out to lay flat again.

The sensation of being fussed over and cared for made Taegen feel small, young. It was some combination of intimate and caring, that touched on both the parts of her that needed affection and the parts that needed attention. It calmed her and made her anxious at the same time.

"You're still all tense," Cheyenne said. "You sure this is okay?"

The vixen nodded, "It's okay. I just...still kinda anxious, I think."

Those attentive paws continued their work of grooming down her arms as the badger brushed her cheek to Taegen's. "If you need to pick at something, you can pick at my fur."

Taegen buzzed past possible responses --- "that's not how it works" and "it doesn't feel good, I don't want to do that to you" and "are you alright?" --- and just did her best to settle against Cheyenne and enjoy the touches. It's exposure therapy, maybe, she thought desperately. I'm being present without engaging in the compulsion.

"This is nice," she mumbled.

"To be touched? Or groomed?"

She shrugged. "Both, I guess."

Cheyenne nodded and brushed her fingers down over the fox's left arm, having mostly sorted out the rough patches, and moved on to the right. "When I first met you, when you started coming to Book and Bean, I'd see you with your arms or neck like this, and I thought you were sick, like your fur was falling out."

"Thankfully not," Taegen giggled.

"And once I knew what was up, I guess I wanted to sit you down and help you groom."

"Like this?"

"Well, I figured it was more likely we'd sit at a table all professional like." Cheyenne laughed. "That I get to do it with you in my arms is certainly beyond anything I imagined."

Taegen tilted her ears back, feeling them flush along the insides. She shifted herself more comfortably against Cheyenne, thankful for a partner larger than herself, even if only by a few inches. "That's the nicest bit," she purred, brushing her free paw along the badger's arm.

Neither seemed keen to move after all the grooming that could be done had been done. Cheyenne hugged her arms comfortably around Taegen's middle, while Taegen brushed and petted through their fur, an echo of the grooming she'd just received. They shared brushes of the cheeks and soft, content noises and familiar scents.

"Should we start the movie?"

"Mm."

Neither moved from their spot on the couch. Neither moved at all, other than Taegen's claws tracing lazy lines through Cheyenne's arm-fur and Cheyenne's paw scrunching up a pawful of Taegen's shirt to brush her knuckles through belly-fur.

After a minute, they both laughed.

"Guess not, huh?" Cheyenne said.

Taegen stretched a little at the tickle of claws in fur. "We seem to be doing okay without. You alright?"

Perhaps sensing Taegen's ticklishness, or perhaps for her own reasons, Cheyenne ducked her paw beneath the shirt she'd scrunched up to pet through fur more directly. "I'm okay, dear. This alright?"

The vixen relaxed again, without the ticklishness keeping her tense. "Mmhm, mostly just around my face and arms that I pick."

"Not just where," Cheyenne said, stroking through soft fur. "But me touching you like this. Petting. Is that okay?"

Taegen nodded, relaxing back against the badger and brushing her fingers through coarser black-white-gray fur. Her ears and cheeks were flushed warm, giddiness making her breathing pick up. "Very okay. It feels nice." She giggled quietly and added, "Feel anxious, still, but the good kind of anxious."

Cheyenne laughed, "Isn't that just 'excited'?"

"Excited, yeah," Taegen said, after a moment's thought. "Excited and warm."

Rubbing her cheek to Taegen's, Cheyenne broadened the reach of her touches, hiking Taegen's shirt up a little further to comb her fingers through more fur. "You are warm, at that. And soft. Is this okay?"

"Mmhm." Taegen felt as though she as thinking through a layer of cotton, her thoughts and feelings coming through softer, warmer, more rounded than they would have otherwise. The sensation of Cheyenne's fingers brushing and stroking through the mussed up fur beneath her shirt added to this muzziness with each pass.

She stretched almost luxuriously, careful not to melt out of range of the badger's wide paws. It was unusual for her to relax under touch, rather than tense up. Even when the touch felt good, it usually brought with it tension, if not anxiety. She was keen to enjoy what she could.

"When we started to get closer," Cheyenne murmured, muzzle resting against Taegen's cheek. "I would think a lot about how soft you must be."

Taegen perked an ear up. "Soft?"

Cheyenne nodded, smoothing out the fur under her paw. "Even when you were picking, your fur looked so much softer than mine. Or Cyril's, for that matter."

Taegen laughed.

"I'd think about that a lot. Just kind of daydream."

"And?"

Cheyenne tilted her head. "And what?" she murmured, putting both paws to work petting over Taegen's belly and sides.

The fox squirmed at the touches, and Cheyenne paused. "S'okay, little ticklish. Am I as soft as you daydreamed?"

The badger nodded and shifted her paws back toward Taegen's belly. "I think so, yeah. You're not pillowy soft or whatever, but your fur is way softer than mine."

Taegen brushed her own pawpads along the backs of Cheyenne's paws and up her forearms a ways. Her fur was far coarser than a fox's, but no less pleasant to touch. "You thought about that a lot, didn't you?"

Cheyenne nodded again, whiskers brushing against Taegen's cheek. "I thought about you a lot, dear. I was sweet on you for a long time, there."

Tilting her head back, Taegen did her best to rub her cheek against Cheyenne's, murmuring, "I'm pretty sure that went both ways."

She languidly lifted her arms to try and loop them loosely around the badger's shoulders. It was a bit too much of a stretch, but she made it far enough to comfortably reach Cheyenne's nape, which she set about combing with her claws.

She could feel Cheyenne shiver behind her in response to the touches, hear a growl and a chuff. She quickly lifted her paws. "Sorry. You alright?"

"Mmhm." Cheyenne's arms tightened around Taegen, one paw slipping around the fox's waist and the other slipping up beneath her shirt, wandering perilously close to her chest. It was a kind grip, but a possessive one. "Bit of a tender spot, there."

Taegen held still in the badger's arms, tense and quiet. "In a good way?"

"In a good way."

Relaxing again slowly, Taegen delicately set her paws back down on the badger's scruff, petting slowly through the fur. "Are you...uh, is this okay?"

The growl came out as more of a rumble this time. "This is okay. I'm alright, dear."

Taegen relaxed back against the badger, trying to get back to that warm, cotton-muffled space. It was easy to do. So easy to relax into comfort like this around Cheyenne. So warm and so far removed from the chill anxiety of obsession.

It took another moment or two, but they both settled down again. Cheyenne resumed her petting, ruffling, combing, and grooming with one paw on Taegen's belly and the other just above that, inching her shirt up higher and higher.

For her part, Taegen combed and stroked down over the scruff of the badger's neck, gently at first, and then a bit more firm, listening and responding to the pleased sounds.

They murmured quiet things to each other. An is-this-alright here and a you-can-do-that-more there. Through careful negotiations, their touches moved from comfortable to sensual, from aimless to focused. Each explored the ways in which the other moved, found ticklish spots and avoided them, found pleasurable spots and gravitated toward them.

Taegen learned that if she combed her claws from the base of Cheyenne's skull down to the base of her neck, she could get a thrill out of the badger, a shudder and another of those chuffs. She used this sparingly, knowing full well that too much touch left one tingly.

She also learned that she arched up when Cheyenne's paws brushed up over her chest, cupping a breast. She learned that Cheyenne enjoyed such responsiveness, that the pads of the badger's paws were pleasantly coarse, that an embrace could be both tender and possessive. It all added to a pleasurable current of warmth flowing through her.

That current stole time from her. It took logic and caution. It lowered defenses and raised sensitivity. It was a smooth sense of pleasure that arced from behind her sternum to the center of her abdomen. Smooth and alluring, it made her want more, and the more she got the more she wanted. It was panic inverted. It was desire.

By the time the badger's other paw dipped down over her belly to tug at the drawstring to her pants, Taegen was lost to that current.

She gave herself up to Cheyenne.

Cheyenne, who was so comforting a presence, who had so sure a touch, who seemed to know just what Taegen needed.

Cheyenne, who learned quickly how to draw a moan from Taegen, who knew to shift her focus before a touch got to be too much, who responded to Taegen as readily as Taegen responded to her.

Cheyenne, who seemed to know just how intensely that desire moved within Taegen, who knew how to track it --- its rise, its plateau, its crest --- and who held Taegen tightly to her as the vixen cried out and shookm when the desire crashed down into a sudden rush of pleasure.

And as each wave of warmth and ecstasy passed, Cheyenne kept Taegen held comfortable and safe.

Taegen brought her arms down to simply hold onto Cheyenne's arm. The warmth within her faded and was replaced by that soft, cottony feeling magnified ten times over. She could feel a touch of anxiety, a touch of shame peeking in, but it was muffled, distant, barely visible behind the comfort and calm.

"Is this alright, love?" Cheyenne's voice was soft, low. She sounded as though she were in the same comfortable dream as Taegen.

Taegen purred. "Wonderful."

The two sat in silence, Cheyenne hugging around Taegen's middle and Taegen hugging Cheyenne's arms to her front.

Taegen must have dozed off, or at least gotten close to it, as she jolted suddenly awake at the feeling of her phone buzzing against her thigh.

"Your vibrating," Cheyenne mumbled, sounding about as asleep as Taegen had been.

Squirming, the vixen struggled to free the phone from her pocket. She blinked and squinted as the screen swam into focus. "Nine thirty, yikes," she mumbled, and pawed at the message notification from Cheyenne.

[9:32 PM] Cheyenne> Having a good time, sweetheart?

Taegen furrowed her brow

[9:33 PM] Taegen> Wonderful!

[9:33 PM] Cheyenne> Glad to hear! Would you like me to pick you up tonight, or will Cheyenne drive?

"Shit."

Cheyenne yawned. "Everything alright, dear?"

Logic seemed to be making its way back in fits and starts. Late. She needed to be back home tonight. Cheyenne had to come pick her up, or Cheyenne had to drive her.

"Shit." She squirmed until she could sit up straight, tugging her tail around to her side. "Um. Sorry. Are you alright?"

The badger, nodded. "Sleepy, but alright. Is everything okay?"

"I need to be back home soon." She bit at the side of her tongue and winced. "Cheyenne is wondering whether he should drive or you."

Cheyenne shrugged, yawned once more, and smiled to Taegen. "I can drive, if you give me a bit to stretch and wake up."

"Sorry, Cheyenne. I hope it's not...I lost track of...are you alright?"

"I'm alright, love." The badger leaned in for a kiss, seemed to remember herself, and rubbed her cheek to Taegen's. "It's no trouble. Sorry I dozed off there. It got late, didn't it?"

Taegen settled down at the 'kiss', returning the cheek-rub and smiling bashfully. "A little, yeah. I think I dozed off, too."

Cheyenne nodded. "Well, alright. I'll get ready. Do you want to take any of the chicken home with you?"

Stretching and twisting at the waist, Taegen winced at tense muscles and cool anxiety, then nodded. "If you'd like. It was wonderful, and I bet Cheyenne would like some." She hesitated a moment, before asking, "May I use your bathroom before we leave?"

"Mmhm, first door on the right, dear."

Taegen padded off and locked herself in the restroom, which was, thankfully, as spotless as the badger's kitchen. She had made the judgment between urgency and anxiety, factoring in the admonition to urinate after sex and the likelihood of cabinets, and...

She could feel herself starting to spiral, She felt ashamed. She felt sticky and unappealing and dirty. She felt like she'd intruded and had done something horrible.

She tamped it down as best she could. The night had been good. Spectacular, really. The last thing she needed was for it to be painted blue with worry.

All the same, she quietly eased open the cabinets under the sink, settling down on her knees to peer into the darkness.

On finishing up actually using the restroom, she tugged her phone out and swiped over to Cheyenne's messages.

[9:37 PM] Taegen> Cheyenne will drive. Home in a bit.

[9:37 PM] Cheyenne> Okay, see you soon

Taegen padded back to the great room and smiled sheepishly to Cheyenne. "Sorry. I'm about ready. Are you alright?"

Cheyenne beamed. "Wonderful. Come on, dear, let's get you home."

The drive back was quick and quiet. Both Taegen and Cheyenne seemed lost in their own thoughts, and while she couldn't speak to Cheyenne's, Taegen's swirled in a figure eight around how nice the evening was and how she would even begin to talk about it with Cheyenne.

The ride wasn't nearly long enough to sort out either, and by the time they stopped in front of home, Taegen could feel the anxiety coming on in icy pangs. It made her chest tight and her fingers tingle.

"Tonight was wonderful, dear. Thanks for coming over," Cheyenne rumbled. "I hope you had fun, too."

Taegen nodded. "Very much so. You sure you're alright?"

"I'm alright, dear, promise. Enjoy the rest of your night, and lets see about getting together soon. Friday or Saturday work for me."

The fox nodded again and picked at a spot on her wrist. "I'll ask Cheyenne. And you're sure--" She cut herself off and shook her head. "Sorry. Um, kiss before I head off?"

They brushed cheeks and smiled to each other, exchanging their goodbyes before Taegen slipped out of the car and padded up to the stoop, clutching her little container of leftovers.

As before, Cheyenne was waiting at the door with a smile. He waved to Cheyenne and held the screen door open for his wife. Taegen ducked inside quickly. The night felt crisp and chilly. She wasn't sure how much of that was actually the case, though, and how much was just her anxiety robbing her warmth.

"Hi sweetheart. How was your--" Cheyenne paused in the act of leaning forward to brush cheeks with Taegen. His nose twitched and his ears canted back. "Uh...date went well, I'm assuming?"

Taegen's own ears perked up, and then flattened back as she realized that her husband could smell her. He could smell Cheyenne.

He could smell what they had done.

Her body tensed up as she tried to make herself smaller, tried to hide without moving. The chill blue of anxiety froze to a bright, frozen white of outright panic, and Taegen began shivering. "I'm s-sorry Cheyenne...I-- W-we just..." She swallowed. "Are you alright?"

"I'm..." Cheyenne frowned, then shook his head. He straightened his back and squared his shoulders. "I'm okay, I think." He furrowed his brow, seemed to master some complex emotion, and said, "I know you're stressed, sweetheart, but can we talk?"

Taegen could barely move, and certainly couldn't speak. So calm was Cheyenne usually, that this reaction felt like an slap to the face. Almost literally: her cheeks were burning, and she could barely get any air. She nodded as best she could.

Cheyenne's shoulders sagged and his expression softened. "Oh, love, I'm sorry. You look terrified." He frowned, "And you're barely breathing. Come on, let's go sit on the couch, and we can talk."

When Taegen didn't move, he gingerly took her by the elbow, guiding her over to her spot on the couch. Taegen sat on the edge of the cushions and set the container of leftovers on on the table by the couch. Her muscles felt tight and ready to launch; this wasn't just panic, it was an adrenaline spike that robbed her of thought, corrupted vision and hearing and touch.

Cheyenne sat in his spot and looked down at his paws thoughtfully. After a moment, he spoke. "So, when we first started talking about this, we talked about sex right away, and I agreed that it'd be fine. We agreed, I mean."

Taegen stared at her paws as well, watching her pick at that spot on her wrist. She kept her ears pinned back. "I remember, yeah," she whispered.

"And I think--" He cut himself off and appeared to be turning the rest of the sentence over in his head. "I think I'm still okay with it."

Taegen nodded. Unable to shift her gaze, she could only see her husband out of the corner of her eye. "'But'?"

Cheyenne sighed. "'But', yeah. But I'm a little upset over how soon it happened, I guess."

"Second date?" Taegen murmured.

"I guess. Or maybe it'd be more accurate for me to say that I'm upset over how easy it seems to have been."

Taegen nodded. She kept watching herself pick and pick at that one spot. It seemed like it was happening to someone else. Or maybe that something was doing it to her, and she had no control over it. The madness rode her, and it hurt.

"We've not had the best of luck with sex," Cheyenne continued. "And I'm okay with that, I really am. It's pretty far down on the list of things I need out of our relationship."

A silence followed this (pick pick, each pick seemingly closer to excising some foreign object or dull-cornered sin), until Taegen nodded and said, "But it is on there."

"Yeah. It is on there." Cheyenne shifted on the couch, to face Taegen more directly (pick pick pick, each dig of her claws sending a bright spark of pain into her wrist, a magnesium flare to blind her). "And we agreed that you liked Cheyenne for different reasons than me, and that you still loved me. And I know it's not a race, but I feel left behind all the same."

The last of Cheyenne's words came out in a rush, and Taegen could see his muzzle drop after he finished. The conversation seemed to be taking a toll on him. "I'm sorry, Cheyenne--" (pick pick, pick pick, almost there, almost to tearing loose whatever was under her skin, whatever taint of evil) "I love you so much, and...and--"

"Sweetheart-- oh jeez, hold on." Cheyenne scrambled up from the couch and dashed off to the kitchen.

Taegen sniffled, unable to see through the tears, but she heard Cheyenne trot back and felt the coarse texture of a paper towel press to her wrist.

"No.Hold still, Taegen," Cheyenne mumbled, tightening his grip as she tried to tug her paw back. "Here, wipe your other paw here--" he guided her paw to one bit of towel then hander her a separate one. "--and then you can wipe your face with this one."

Taegen struggled to follow the directions, some remote part of her confused as to the sudden halt in the conversation. She fumbled with a a bit of paper towel Cheyenne put in her paw, lifting it to wipe at her eyes and nose.

"Oh, uh...shit." She whined quietly, more tears immediately filling her eyes. "I'm sorry, Cheyenne, I didn't mean...I mean, are you alright?"

Cheyenne folded his long legs and sat cross-legged before her, pressing a paper towel, wet with blood, to the spot on Taegen's wrist. "Hush, love, I'm alright. I know you didn't mean to."

She held the paper towel to her face and stifled a sob, struggled to keep from totally breaking down. "Im-important c-conversation and here I am making a mess."

Cheyenne laughed. "It's okay, sweetheart. Really. Lemme look."

She wiped her face again as Cheyenne dabbed at the stinging spot on her wrist before peeking under the paper towel. "Oh, that's not as bad as it looked. Must've just nicked something."

Taegen struggled to smile at her husband. "I'm sorry. Are you alright, Cheyenne?"

"Mmhm, I'm alright."

"I'm sorry." Taegen pawed at her face again with the paper towel. She had been picking on her right paw, too --- she felt clumsy and awkward using the towel with her left. "I promise I'm not, uh...not trying to beg off."

Cheyenne laughed. "I know, sweetheart."

"I, uh...are you sure you're alright?"

"I am." Cheyenne leaned forward and brushed his cheek over her wrist, paper towel and all. "Kiss to make it better."

It was Taegen's turn to laugh, though it sounded strangled to her ears.

"I'm sorry things got stressful there, but--" He shrugged. "I don't know. I love you, Taegen, and I trust you through all this. I just got a bit upset, I suppose, because it felt like I wasn't getting all of you."

Taegen nodded. "I'm sorry, Cheyenne. If you want, we can try and do more."

Cheyenne tilted his head. "I won't say no to that, of course, but I don't want to push you. I know sex can make you feel gross."

Wiping at her face, Taegen was a little surprised that she'd managed stopped crying. "Yeah, I'm sorry," she mumbled. "We can maybe work on that, though."

"I'd like that, sweetheart." The fox bowed his head for a moment. "Though I was also wondering if you had thoughts on if I branched out some, myself."

Taegen sat up straighter, turning over the idea in her mind. She knew she could not, in any circumstances, get by without Cheyenne. And yet she made a less than idea partner in so many ways. Now, however, she was also getting help from Cheyenne, so maybe she wouldn't need to lean so heavily on her husband for support. It only made sense.

It only made sense, that is, except for all of the ways it ground up against her problems with relationship-rightness.

For Cheyenne to be not getting all he needed from her made her feel like a failure. It was a horrific condemnation, and she could barely consider the full idea in her mind, only peek at it sidelong.

It made her feel monstrous and demanding, that she should seek love and support, and yet feel so bad letting Cheyenne do the same.

"Love?"

Taegen snapped to and shook her head to clear it. "Sorry, Cheyenne. Are you...uh, I mean, sorry." She closed her eyes and forced herself to collect her thoughts. "What were you thinking?"

Cheyenne shrugged and peeked under the makeshift bandage. What he saw must have looked alright, as he nodded and wadded up the paper towel. "I didn't have anything particularly in mind."

Taegen looked down at her wrist. It didn't look bad at all, but she'd need to wash and bandage it proper so she wouldn't pick the scab, as she knew she would.

"Only, I've been talking with my coworker--"

"Cheyenne?" Taegen blinked in surprise.

"Mmhm. He's the one I go get lunch with some days. I've been talking with him, and he says he and his wife do okay...er, playing around with others to get what they need, and it got me thinking, is all."

Confused as she was, Taegen had to smile. A bashful Cheyenne was a rare sight.

"I guess that's what I was thinking of. You mean the world to me, sweetheart, and I don't think I could manage a--" He cut off, swallowed and shook his head. "Another relationship. I'm happy for you and Cheyenne, but I don't think I could do the same."

This was a whole new take on it, then. Taegen struggled to make that fit in her picture of things, to see how life would be. Her and Cheyenne. Her and Cheyenne. Cheyenne without anyone, but...something. But having sex with friends? Swinging?

She laughed, and Cheyenne tilted his ears back. "I'm sorry, Cheyenne. I just remembered the term 'swinger' and laughed, is all."

Cheyenne looked confused, then broke out in a grin. "It is pretty ridiculous."

"Is that sort of what you were thinking?"

He nodded. "Not a relationship, but...uh..."

"Sex?" Taegen immediately shook her head. "That sounds bad, sorry. Um...sexual fulfillment?"

Cheyenne nodded again, more emphatically. "Yes! That's a good way to put it."

Taegen shrugged and smiled. "I can go along with that, I think. Maybe something to try out, like us trying with me and Cheyenne?"

"I suppose, yeah." He frowned. "Would you still be willing to work on our own sex life, too?"

"I would, yeah."

"I would really like that, sweetheart. The playing around thing is one thing, but I don't really want to use it to...I don't know. I don't want to use it instead of fixing our relationship"

Taegen winced and nodded. "I really am sorry, Cheyenne. I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to hurt you."

Cheyenne slipped his paws up into Taegen's. "I know you didn't, sweetheart. You're right that it did-- that it does hurt, but I'm still not totally sure why. Maybe I just accepted things intellectually without understanding them. It's hard, Taegen."

Clutching at her husband's paws helped keep Taegen from picking, so she held on, even if she felt a little gross with what blood was left in her fur. "Hurting you is the last thing I want, Cheyenne."

"I know, love. I trust you fully, in that." He gave a lopsided grin and added, "I'm not actually sure you'd be able to lie or hurt me intentionally."

Taegen giggled and shook her head, "I have my tells, don't I?"

"Mmhm."

"So," she sighed. "I want to try and make things better. And I don't want to hurt you again."

Cheyenne nodded. "And I want to see you happy, too. I don't want you to stop seeing Cheyenne or anything. I just--" He toyed with her fingers for a moment before apparently finding the right words. "I need to make this work in my head that you and Cheyenne are more compatible than you and I, in some ways."

Taegen splayed her ears. It wasn't really something she could argue against. Whether or not the sex had been a fluke, it was true on a very base level. If Cheyenne was her rock, the steadying force in her life that kept her going, Cheyenne seemed to be her blanket, her pillow, her means to relax and rest from too much energy.

"What should I do?"

Her husband frowned, looking down to her paws rather than up to her face. "That's a hard one, Taegen. I don't think either of us can make long term decisions with what little we know, now."

She nodded and squeezed his fingers in hers.

When he did finally look up to her, the pain and anxiety in his face startled her. "Can you give me some time though, sweetheart? It may not be fair of me to ask, but can you and Cheyenne at least hold off on sex for a little bit? I'm trying, I'm--"

Unable to respond, Taegen slid off the couch and down onto her knees in front of where Cheyenne was sat on the floor. She tugged his paws toward her and guided his arms around her shoulders, before leaning in to hug around him in turn. The position was awkward and she felt surprisingly stiff from all the stress, but she wanted --- needed to be closer.

Cheyenne seemed to need the closeness as much as she did, as the hug he gave her was tight and shaky.

It took what felt like several minutes before Taegen was able to speak, and then only hoarsely. "Oh, Cheyenne, of course, of course."

Loosening his grip, Cheyenne rubbed his cheek against Taegen's firmly. "I love you so much, sweetheart, and I want to be fair. I'm just having a hard time, is all."

Taegen nodded, adding another cheek-rub as she did so. "Do you want me to call things off with Cheyenne?"

Cheyenne leaned back from the hug, letting Taegen sit back on the floor as well, though he kept her paws in his. "No, sweetheart. Not at all. Just slow down a bit, for me. Let me get used to this."

"Of course," she murmured. "The last thing I want to do is to hurt you."

"I know, love." He lifted her paws and brushed his cheek against them, then seemed to remember the wound on her wrist and smiled apologetically. "Sorry. Are you alright?"

"It's alright. It stings, but isn't bad." She paused, then picked up the thread again. "Still, do you want me to hold off on any more dates with her for a while, too? Would that help any?"

Cheyenne shook his head. "No, that's alright. In fact, more would probably be better, so I can get used to things faster."

He looked exhausted. She was exhausted. Work, a date, sex, an argument, blood, love. Taegen felt like she lived in a soap opera. She winced as she struggled to stand, helping Cheyenne up shortly after. then it was time for a proper hug, with no leaning forward or awkward angles. Cheyenne really was her pillar, her anchor.

"Cheyenne wanted to meet up Friday or Saturday, would you like me to cancel?"

Cheyenne was quiet for a few seconds, then he smiled and brushed his cheek against hers in another soft kiss. "Do you think she'd like to have dinner over here?"

"The three of us?"

Cheyenne smiled and nodded. "The three of us."
Elise was the first into the living room when Cheyenne opened the door, exposing his wife, the Centerpiece to the rest of the party.

In one sense, this was a rather muted presentation. Rather than an elaborate bondage setup, a feature of some of the previous play parties, Cheyenne and Taegen had opted for something simple. Taegen was blindfolded and bound, but only lightly: her wrists bound with cuffs, and her collar bound to those. That, and the blindfold and gag The rest of the mink was exposed, letting her sleek and soft brown fur stand as its own testament --- and, judging from the "In Fur" portion of the cum counter poster, an open target. Any further bondage gear remained in the tote next to the mattress, and she was sure that some of it would be added by the end of the night.

Elise rather preferred the setup, if she was honest with herself. Overt and complex bondage had its place, to be sure, but not in a play party. It worked better as a show-piece to be admired rather than a Centerpiece to be used. There had been some grand setups (including one suspension rig, which she no longer allowed during the parties). She was pleased to see no spreader bar, given the position the mink had been left in; that would mean fewer bruised shins and more possibilities for sexual positions.

She completed a quick circuit of the scene, surveying the quality and safety of the setup as well as the willingness of the Centerpiece --- there was little observation needed there, though: the whole room fairly reeked of aroused mink. As a ferret, the musteline scent tickled something deep within her and made her smile widen. Taegen was a wonderful choice for the role.

The other participants had been milling about as well, taking in the sights, but all of them waited for Elise's nod of approval before approaching any closer.

She nodded.

Although the guests were at various states of arousal, or even willingness to interact with the Centerpiece, whether through preference or some other hidden reason, it was customary for the Centerpiece to receive the first sensual and sexual attention of the night from all attending.

Some folks tugged teasingly in the collar, others stroked their fingers feather-light through fur, and still others cooed soft words of praise, humiliation, or degradation into the mink's pinned-back ears. At least one finger, that of a fox Elise considered snide, if beautiful, poked through the ring gag and dipped into Taegen's muzzle.

Elise could imagine growled words about soft tongues coming from the fox later that night.

And she stood above it all. She was hostess. She was hostess in name and in reality --- Joan not as much --- and she wore that title proudly and visibly.

Of the twenty or so attendees, Joan was the last to move toward the Centerpiece, spurred on by a squeeze of the paw by her wife.

Slowly, the party's participants settled into a routine --- there were few new folks this time around, and no one Elise didn't trust --- either wandering off in twos or threes to other rooms or settling around the Centerpiece. A few moments later and Elise and Cheyenne were the only two left standing.

"Thank you again for having us," Cheyenne said. "And for the chance for Taegen. We've really been looking forward to it."

Elise grinned, "Of course, sweetie. She performed --- is performing beautifully"

The crowd surrounding Taegen had diminished to only a handful of individuals, seemingly having formed a lazy queue to play with the new toy one or two at a time. That fox had, of course, made his way to the mink's gagged muzzle, seeking the best way to put it to use through trial and error. Elise didn't think any knot would fit past that ring gag.

"She'll be fine, you know," Elise said gently. "Taegen, I mean. This is a good crowd. If you're worried, though, I can keep an eye on her if you want to go play."

Cheyenne hesitated, tail swishing about erratically until he seemed to realize what he was doing and curled it around to hold onto the tip. Curious behavior for a cat, but Elise supposed that it was a deeply ingrained habit. "I, ah," he began, clearing his throat. "I was actually sort of hoping to spend some time with you, Elise."

The ferret straightened up and perked her ears. She chuckled and brushed a paw lightly along Cheyenne's upper arm, "Me? How come? That's the first time you've mentioned."

"I, er, it's been on my mind for a while now, the last few parties. I've just been hesitant to ask." He swallowed visibly, "And you're right, this is a good crowd, and I do trust them. I just usually do things with Taegen as a couple. This...I mean, this is our chance to do some stuff separately."

"And now that she's stuck where she is, well taken care of," Elise nodded over to where the fox was making use of the mink's muzzle while a male cat filling her from the other end and the cat's wife whispered into the Centerpiece's ear. "You feel comfortable enough to come on to me?"

Cheyenne smiled bashfully, one of his fingers slowly circling the very tip of the tail held in his paw. "I feel a little awkward when you put it that way," he admitted. "But it's not untrue. I just...I just mean you're really beautiful. I'd like to serve you, if I may..."

Elise raised an eyebrow and gave the cat an appraising look, admiring the play of tan and brown in his fur. "Cheyenne, hmm? The dommy beast who was leading his minkytoy around by a leash not one hour ago?" she teased.

"I'm more of a top than Taegen, but far less than you, I think."

The ferret laughed, easy and earnestly, "That you likely are, kitty."

Another bashful smile from Cheyenne.

"Well, come. I'll find something for you to do. I'm more limited than I let on, but yes, you may serve me."

Elise reached out and took Cheyenne's free paw, letting the other hold onto the tail. Such a curious, childish habit, that was. The change from the haughty dom feline to the kitten she was leading through the door to the den, and from there to the master bedroom (a privilege of being hostess) was intriguing, cute.

The master bedroom was furnished to Elise and Joan's specifications, with little belying their positions as organizers of one of the town's most sought-after play parties, and one of the only bondage-centric ones. A simple, comfortable bed, fitting no more than two comfortably, a low and long pine dresser with an older TV on top. Earth tones were the dominant color: sandy, muted, calm.

The only concession to the couple's BDSM lifestyle was a hint of a four-point strap peeking out from between the mattress and box spring, and a large cushion on the floor next to the bed. Elise liked her room clean, and Joan followed her lead.

Leading Cheyenne into the room, the ferret nudged the door mostly shut behind her with a foot, leaving it open enough to let others know they could interrupt if need be and she could hear her name if called. She nudged Cheyenne in front of her and, before he could turn around, reached a paw up to gather the cat's scruff in her fingers, holding firmly.

"Kitten will give his mistress rubs, yes? His job is to make her feel good."

Cheyenne gave a soft mewl, seemingly unable to form much in the way of words, nodding instead.

Elise growled pleasantly, as close to a purr as she could, and tightened her grip on Cheyenne's scruff, blunt claws pressing through fur and in against the tender skin beneath, testing for any low pain tolerances in her new toy. The mewl returned, higher pitched this time, as the cat sagged in her grasp, breath catching in his throat. Cats are so easy, she thought, and grinned.

"Come on, then, kitty. Come sit by mistress's bed and she'll let you rub and nuzzle on her."

Another faint nod.

Elise's grin widened and she half-dragged Cheyenne over to the cushion, deliberately placed by the edge of the bed, and dropped him neatly onto it, letting the cat crumple to his paws and knees. Taking her time, she walked a slow circle around the cat, eventually sitting primly on the edge of the bed.

Cheyenne tentatively reached out a paw toward Elise, who stopped him short with a sharp intake of breath between equally sharp teeth. "Not yet, kitten. Some instructions first. Use your paws only until I tell you, and then you may rub with your muzzle. And only on me, kitten mustn't touch himself at all, either. You're not wearing a collar --- I've no desire to collar you anyway --- so I won't have that control, but--" She straightened her leg out and gave him a push in the chest with her footpaw, then slipped it up over his shoulder to hook her ankle around the back of his neck, giving a small tug. "This ought to be enough, don't you think?"

The ferret watched Cheyenne nod, watched the way his body tensed and his tail gave an erratic swish, watched the way his arousal stood erect. Words, directions, commands, and only the most deliberate touches seemed to be affecting him strongly.

This served Elise well.

She let him sit and stew over the commands for a while before grinning and murmuring, "Good. Good kitty. Now, mistress's poor paws are sore, there's always so much to do before these parties, so much running around. You may start by rubbing those."

The cat reached up tentatively once more and, finding himself free to do so, began to gently stroke along the soft-furred tops of Elise's footpaws, thumbs tracing more firmly along the pads on the underside. Once he seemed to settle into a purr and a rhythm, Elise leaned back onto the heels of her palms, letting her shoulders hunch up, watching down along her front as her kitten did as he was told.

"Mmn, there we go, good kitten," she purred. "You make such a nice pet, even if only temporarily. Nice soft paws, nice quiet purrs. Obedient kitten, speaks only when spoken too, doesn't he?"

Laying his ears back, Cheyenne nodded.

"Mmhm, and he'll do what he's told, won't he?" The soft stream of commands and debasement continued, Elise exerting pressure on her sub. "Both paws on one foot now. Knead."

The cat obeyed immediately, bringing both paws to bear on the ferret's right foot, fingers holding it steady as his thumbs rubbed and kneaded against the leathery pawpads, pressing in against them. Elise lifted her left foot and let it rest over Cheyenne's shoulder: the most useful footrest.

"Kitten's quite good at this, isn't he?"

Cheyenne nodded.

"Does kitten like paws?"

He nodded once more, looking flustered.

"How much does he like them?"

Cheyenne gave a low whine under his breath, squirming and rubbing a little more eagerly.

"Ahhh, yes, good kittens only speak when permitted." Elise's grin turned cruel. "Maybe I should just leave him mute for the rest of the evening, hmm?"

Tail lashing from side to side, Cheyenne gave a third, tense nod.

"Alright, then. Mistress could use a quiet pet like yourself." She could see the way the words, the constant demeaning way she called him a kitten, were working on him. Not just his erection, which certainly showed that eagerness, but also with the quickened breathing, agitated swishing, and tense, jerky movements.

"Although," Elise murmured, tilting her head and shifting to a thoughtful tone. "Perhaps kitten should add his muzzle to the mix. Just some nuzzling, in against the toes, if you will."

Paws shifting down toward the ferret's ankle, Cheyenne nodded, leaning in to bury his velvety nose in against those soft pawpads, nuzzling in against them as instructed.

"Mmhm, like that." Time to start questing for more interests and testing for boundaries. Despite having a clean house and having showered just before the party, she added, "Mistress has been on her feet so much today, walking here, running there, inside and out. Probably a touch dirty. Kitten would help her clean those paws, don't you think?"

The response was hesitant --- not a promising sign --- and feather light: soft, raspy licks that only just grazed the hide on the underside of her paws.

Too far, perhaps. There probably should have been more negotiation than there was. There never seemed to be enough time.

She provided Cheyenne the out, giving an exaggerated, ticklish squirm and tugged her foot back road away from his blunt muzzle. "Rrf! Sensitive. Sorry kitten. You can nuzzle up higher on her leg, though, while you keep up those delightful rubs of yours."

Cheyenne did a good job or not letting his relief show, but it was there. Never quite enough time for negotiation, Elise thought.

The cat shifted and lowered Elise's leg enough to lean over it and brush his nose through the short, soft fur of his mistress' calf and shin.

Elise softened her smile and gave a slight nod of recognition and approval. She carefully lifted her left leg off of Cheyenne's shoulder, nudging it into the cat's paws. Once he shift his rubbing to that paw, she moved her right leg to rest over his shoulder as before. The cat kept up his soft nuzzling against her right calf, purring adding a buzzing sensation .

"What a wonderful little kitty pet I've found," Elise murmured, letting her eyes drift closed in earnest pleasure at those rubs. "Does kitten like rubbing mistress's paws like that? He may speak."

Cheyenne nodded eagerly, rubbing his cheek in against her calf. "K...kitten does. Kitten wants to do more for his mistress," he said, sounding embarrassed. "Kitten...would like to worship his mistress, if that's okay, to pleasure her and taste her..."

Elise froze, suddenly quite aware of the way Cheyenne's gaze travelled up along her leg, seeking and searching toward her crotch. She could smell his arousal, see his nose questing for scents of hers. And she felt the urge to withdraw inside herself that came with a boundary being tested.

"No, that would not be okay," she murmured, keeping her voice calm, pleasant, dominant.

Cheyenne's ears perked then lay flat against his head, the cat giving an abashed nod. "May I step back from this for a second, Elise?"

The ferret nodded gratefully, slipping her foot from his and her paw from his shoulder. She crossed her legs and sat up, a bit stiff, prim. "Of course, sweetie."

Cheyenne shifted as well, moving to a cross-legged sitting position and curling his tail around into his lap, evidently quite self-conscious of his arousal. Staring at some point past Elise's feet, he hesitated a moment before beginning, "I think I overstepped, there, and I'd like to understand why before we continue."

Elise flexed her footpaws and toes, still buzzing with the sensation of the cat's rubs and nuzzles. "So did I, when it came to licking." She held up a paw to forestall the responses she could see welling up inside Cheyenne, "Which I'm just mentioning to make sure we talk about that as well."

The cat nodded and settled back, still avoiding eye contact.

"I don't...ah, do sex. It's not something that I'm comfortable with. I don't run these parties for myself to get off, don't play around at them." She smiled wryly, "Don't play around outside of them, either. I don't run these parties for me, I run them because I see way too much unsafe shit going on in BDSM, and they're intended to be a guaranteed safe place. That's why I run them; that and Joan. She needs an outlet."

Cheyenne tilted his head, but otherwise stayed quiet.

"I can dom, for sure. And I love it, too. It gives me a thrill, just not a sexual one. We should've gone over that before, is all. That and what we each wanted out of this. I think we know that. I guessed on the paws thing," she said, at which Cheyenne began to fiddle with his tail-tip once more. "But overstepped a bit there, and I didn't say anything about this because I'm usually just all stone dom at these parties anyway, and don't let others touch me."

She shrugged, "I like you, though, you and your toy. I trust you, and figured I'd let you in."

At the last sentence, Cheyenne pinned his ears back against his skull, "Again, I'm sorry if I overstepped mist--Elise..."

The ferret laughed and shook her head, reaching out with a footpaw and giving Cheyenne another gentle nudge, "I heard that! And no, don't worry about it, I'm serious, I trust you. We just didn't go over boundaries, is all."

Cheyenne grinned faintly and nodded, "Alright, I-"

Soft footsteps and the creak of the door alerted the pair to Joan's presence, the other, shorter ferret peeking her head around the doorjamb. She grinned and slipped into the room, murmuring, "Not surprised to find you both here. The Centerpiece is performing beautifully, everyone's playing nice. Just wondering where you got off to, dear."

Beckoning her wife over to them with a pat on the mattress next to her, Elise grinned and nodded, "We were just discussing the finer points of paws. Cheyenne says he likes rubbing them, I say I like having them rubbed." When Joan was a few steps away from the bed, Elise surprised even herself by speaking up in a more commanding tone of voice, "Not here, pet. Down there, on the cushion, with kitten."

While Joan moved immediately to obey, Cheyenne was a little slower to pick up on the dominant tone markers, but eventually shifted his body to the side, leaving enough room for Joan who knelt tidily on the cushion beside him. Those paws went right for his tail-tip again, thumb twirling around the very tip.

Comfortably back in stone dom mode, the ferret grinned, lacing her fingers together and resting her paws atop her knee, crossed above the other one. "Now, we don't have to continue, kitten, and you have all the freedom to head back to the party if you'd like, but if you'd still like to please me," she said, lofty. "You can please pet, here. Does that sound like something kitty would like?"

Cheyenne, already apparently wrong-footed by the order for Joan to sit next to him, sat and stared at Elise. The ferret grinned back toothily, her tail flicking from one side of where she sat on the bed the bed to the other, then shifted her gaze to Joan, "Does that sound alright to you, pet? Having a kitten tend to you?"

Joan nodded quickly and said, "If he's good enough to rub your paws, I'm sure he could work wonders on mine. There are other ways to tend to a ferret, as well." She leaned over traced her blunt muzzle along Cheyenne's jawline up to the base of his ear, giving a low growl to the cat.

Elise's grin widened.

"Ah, I..." Cheyenne stammered for a moment before continuing, "So long as mis--erf, so long as Elise doesn't feel left out..."

Elise reached a footpaw out once more, this time to lazily trace one toe's claw through the cat's short fur from thigh to knee. "You may still call me mistress, kitten, but you ought to call Joan that, too. Kitten's at the bottom of the hierarchy here." That sharp claw continued to trace short, slow lines over Cheyenne's knee, "And no, I won't feel left out. Kitten tending to pet, and me directing and controlling. And you're sure you're okay with it, kitten? I haven't heard anything definitive."

Cheyenne seemed to clutch all the tighter at his tail, squirming in place between the couple. Elise had watched the cat's erection flag and arousal dissipate when they'd stopped to discuss boundaries, but it was back now, and looking quite intense. "Oh, very okay with it," he nodded vigorously. "This...I, well, I'd dreamed of this, but thought I'd, or I'd, well. Rambling. Sorry mistress. Mistresses."

Laughing, Elise stood, circling partway around the cushion on the floor, two sets of adoring eyes on her. She'd let her pet and the kitten play, but she had a bit more fun to get out of the power differential, a bit further to nudge Cheyenne into the realm of submissive.

Once she'd made her way around behind the cat, she slipped a paw down and gathered up a good portion of his scruff in her fingers, squeezing it until she got a mewl out of him before lifting. Cheyenne stumbled to his feet awkwardly, muscles struggling to obey him with the grip on his scruff encouraging him to go limp.

Elise held him there, half standing on his own, half dangling from his scruff, and unable to talk. "Are you sure, pet? Think this kitten could please you?" She took a step back around Cheyenne, letting the cat turn slightly in her paw as if to show him off to Joan, presenting him to her.

Picking up on her wife's plans, Joan leaned back onto one paw and gave the cat an appraising look, from those ears tilted back and those wide eyes, down over his form, covered in short tan fur, to his erection, standing stiffly from his front and bobbing to his pulse, to that tail giving an occasional jerky swish.

"Mm, I suppose he'll do, mistress."

Elise leaned in closer to Cheyenne and sneered, "I suppose you'll do, indeed, kitten."

Another soft mewl was all the cat could manage, but Elise could sense his breathing picking up, smell his need filling the room.

"Where would you like him, then, pet?"

Joan gave an aloof, almost careless shrug and scooted herself to the edge of the cushion, "Oh, just anywhere."

"Sure thing." Elise was half tempted to just drop Cheyenne again, but given how shaky he was this time, she lowered him more carefully to a heap on the cushion.

She felt herself smiling earnestly, now, no forced expression. This was her element, and from the looks, sounds, and smells of it, it was Cheyenne's element, too. She wasn't terribly surprised that one who had done so well at degrading the Centerpiece would be so receptive to it as well --- she'd known he was a switch, of course, so that was just a big arrow pointing to what it was he liked.

"Now," she continued. "First thing kitten will do is to tend to pet's paws, just like he did with mine."

Cheyenne's movements were jerky, nerves still all ajangle from being scruffed, but managed to get himself onto his knees and elbows. Elise watched him crawl shakily toward Joan, who offered one of her footpaws. His own paws began to work once more, fingers brushing along the top of the ferret's paws while thumbs kneaded at the pads, nose shyly brushing along toes.

"Ohh..." Joan tilted her head back, eyes half closing. "You're right, mistress, he is good."

Elise returned to her seat on the edge of the mattress, swinging her legs up onto the bed this time and leaning over to rest on her elbow. "Mmhm, very good," she murmured. "Kitten will take good care of pet, won't he? Pet has much, much more to offer to him than mistress does."

She heard a sharp intake of breath from the cat, and grinned. The bumpy start had been worth it. Now she had a pliant kitten and a pet willing to be a mistress for him alongside her. Everyone in their place, everyone enjoying themselves --- enjoying themselves quite a bit, judging by the scent of Joan's arousal joining that of Cheyenne's.

"Kitten will make sure to rub both paws, correct?"

"Yes, mistresses." Cheyenne's voice was muffled, still nuzzling against that paw.

"Good." She grinned, "If kitten does well, He'll be able to move on to tastier treats."
"Hey Taegen," Cheyenne mumbled, the cat nudging the turn signal lever up to make his way toward the right lane.

"Mmm?" Taegen peeked up from her book to see how far they'd made it into their journey. Still about twenty minutes. She lowered her gaze once again.

"Put any more thought into the idea of a donor?"

Slinking lower into the passenger seat, Taegen gave a half-hearted shrug. "Not really any more than before. Just want someone we know already and who we trust. Don't want to go to a bank."

Cheyenne nodded and settled back into his seat as they made their way onto the highway. "Anyone you can think of, minkypie?"

Taegen caught herself about to shrug again and shook her head instead, "Only really know a few other minks out there --- the Redstones from work, and there's that Cheyenne guy from your office...Cheyenne Lederer, was it? --- and I don't know if they swing or not. Come on, though," she laughed. "Figure out something sexier to talk about. We're supposed to be getting psyched for a night of debauchery, not figuring out sperm donor paperwork."

Taegen and Cheyenne had been one of those couples that had been insufferably cute when dating. When they'd been friends, they'd been teased about it enough, but when it turned to romance, it all seemed a bit much.

It was the names that got most people, of course. They'd react in a few very predictable ways when they found out that the couple had homophonic names. Most folks would gush over how adorable it was, asking how they referred to each other when alone, what they'd name their children if they could have any, and so on, The rest seemed to fall into two camps: those that would ask, "doesn't that get confusing or weird in conversations?" and those that would make some lewd comment about sex, whether referring to threesomes or whether they'd ever played with another Cheyenne or Taegen or something like that

The answers were all fairly straight forward, too, especially after several years of being asked the same questions. They would say that they called each other by their names like regular folks; they'd joke that if they had kids, they'd name them Taegen and Cheyenne; they'd say that conversations were made easier when eye contact signaled which individual was being talked to; they'd say their sex life was private but give a wink.

Below the surface, though, were the more intimate truths. In private, they really only used each other's first initials, going by Taegen and A respectively. They'd done the threesome thing quite a bit, actually, and even once with another Taegen, it had been really rather nice, and they were looking forward to seeing her again tonight. And perhaps the most intimate truth was just how sore a subject parenthood was for the two of them, how much being an interspecies couple got in the way.

Cheyenne laughed and nodded. "Alright, alright," he said. "You looking forward to being a useful mink tonight, then?"

Despite all the planning and negotiation that had gone into tonight, despite all the times she'd heard it before, being called a 'useful mink' right before the first night in far too long where she really would be useful had Taegen squirming in her seat, ears pinned back against her head.

The cat in the the driver's seat laughed, "I'll take that as a yes, then. Tell me what you're looking forward to most, then."

"Being...being useful."

"Mmm, so it's more the serving others than the bondage?"

Taegen felt her tail start to frizz out, something she could never seem to help when agitated. A fact that Cheyenne was always keen to exploit. "Mmhm...mink wants to be useful more than anything."

"More than anything?" Cheyenne asked, risking a glance away from the road to grin at his wife. "More than the pleasure of the act, you just want others to use you to feel good?"

If his goal had been to make her flustered, Cheyenne was succeeding. If it had been to get her more worked up, it was also very, very much succeeding. "Yeah," she began, voice thick with embarrassment. "Yeah, I want...I want people to come away feeling fulfilled, I want to be a tool to help them feel that way." The mink thought for a moment longer before adding, "The sex is good too, you know I'll enjoy that, but being useful is what I want."

Cheyenne nodded. "Not to drag us back to where we were, but is that part of why you want to be a mother so badly?"

"Mmhm, at least a little part of it. It feels like the strongest, highest, and, well, purest form of being useful."

"Well, that makes sense," Cheyenne said with a chuckle. "So..."

"'So...' what?" Taegen sat up within her seat. "What are you planning?"

"Nothing, nothing!" Unable to lift his paws from the steering wheel, the cat did his best to imply a disarming gesture with his shoulders. "Only, I was wondering, what if you got to be useful at a party like this one, and that led to a child?"

The mink in the passenger seat sat, mouth open, for a moment before finding the words to respond, "You...you're sure you're not planning anything?"

"Promise. No plans, or we'd be negotiating a hell of a lot harder."

"Well, I...I don't know." Taegen realized that she was fiddling too much with her book, bending the pages, so she set her bookmark in place and slipped the paperback into her bag. "It would be a lot to process. But I'm pretty sure all of it would be good."

Cheyenne grinned toward the road, making his way over to the rightmost lane once more --- they were just about to the end of the freeway stint of the trip, Taegen guessed, so probably just a few minutes left. "Well, alright then. So if we wind up at a party like this and there just happens to be another mink there-"

Taegen cut him off with a quiet whine, her tail bristled from base to tip and swishing against the back of the seat. "A! Come on!"

The cat's grin turned to a laugh. "What do you mean, 'come on'? You'd love it, you said so. You'd love to be a Centerpiece and come away with motherhood, I know you would! And you know I'm game, too."

Brushing furiously at her tail in an attempt to soothe her nerves, Taegen let a stony silence fall, fighting to sort out a turbulent mixture of embarrassment, arousal, and that longing she'd always associated with her drive towards motherhood, biological imperative and otherwise.

Taegen's silence and Cheyenne's grin lasted the next few minutes until they parked at the curb before a squat, suburban ranch house.

Cheyenne turned off the car and tugged up the parking break, leaning over to kiss his wife on the cheek, "Sorry if that was too far, Taegen."

When Taegen didn't respond, he reached for her paw, twining fingers with her. Looking back up to her face, he was surprised to see a bashful smile there.

"No, was just thinking," she murmured. "I would love that."

The cat's grin snapped back into place almost immediately, along with the start of a quiet purr. He leaned over to give another quick kiss before slipping his paw away and swinging wide the driver's side door. "Come on, then, grab the bin and let's get inside, catch up with folks."

Those who travel among the play parties, orgies, and swing groups often think of themselves as being sexually liberated.

However, they'll all be the first to admit that the time before the play party begins can be the most awkward part. Milling around with a plastic cup of too-sweet spiked punch in one paw and a little plate of store-bought cookies in the other sometimes made it feel a little too much like a social function put on by a group of employees.

The hosts of this party, another couple that Taegen and Cheyenne had known for a few years now, two ferrets named Elise and Joan, had set up a few things to help alleviate that feeling, though there's not much that could make it go away entirely. For every bowl of chips or plate of cookies, there was a bowl of condoms (with several different sizes present) or lube packets (silicone or water based). The cooler of drinks, normally holding just beers and sodas, also contained a few drinks made from stronger things. Small, printed signs listed the rules (play safe, wear clothes outside, and so on) near every doorway. The plans for segueing from "party" to "play" involved strip poker.

Despite all of the effort, there was still some difficulty in loosening up. This was due in no small part, Taegen suspected, to anticipation for later. Even the most sexually liberated could be in the time leading up to sex.

Thankfully, as Centerpiece, she had little to worry about, in that sense. For her, the start and end to the night were clearly delineated. No strip poker for her. It would start when she was bound, gagged, and blindfolded, and it would end when she tapped out or was set loose, whichever came first. That would come soon, and the gear was all in the bin that Cheyenne had dragged in and set in the living room next to the neatly decked mattress that would be her spot for the night.

"First things first," Cheyenne said, once Taegen had gotten a drink. "Lift your chin."

Taegen did as she was told, letting her husband deftly swing a collar up around her neck and fasten it in front. Although she couldn't see the collar, she knew what it looked like --- black nylon webbing with some yellow nylon woven into it to spell 'TOY' along the back and a tag saying the same in front. Feeling the weight of it around her neck, the slight constriction of her fur beneath it, Taegen tensed up and swished about, her short, rounded ears canted back.

"Finish your drink, minkytoy," Cheyenne continued, waiting for the mink to down the rest of her soda before clipping a leash to the D-ring at her throat.

When the cat gave an experimental tug, Taegen felt herself jerked forward an inch or two by the collar at back of her neck. Beyond that, though, she felt that latent arousal that had been dwelling within her the last few days finally begin to assert its presence, felt sub-space start to surround her like a warm blanket.

Her husband grinned at the obvious change and leaned in close enough to whisper to her, "Mmm, cozy there, pet?"

Ears pinned back, Taegen gave a bashful nod.

"Going to be a good pet tonight?"

Nod.

"Still comfortable with this?"

Another nod, more vigorous this time.

"Going to be useful for everyone tonight, no matter what?"

Taegen let out a low mewl, tucking her muzzle down toward her chest and hunching her shoulders as though she could hide her embarrassment that way. "Yes owner," she murmured, tail lashing this way and that. "Will be useful."

Cheyenne grinned haughtily and wound the leash around one of his paws a few times, giving another little tug to help reinforce his position over her. "Good mink. Let's go see who you're going to be useful for, then."

Taegen felt like they into a feedback loop of power dynamics. The more dominant that Cheyenne got in showing her off to the party's other attendees, the more submissive she felt. The more submissive she acted, the more that seemed to egg Cheyenne on. Before long, he was encouraging her to spin and show off, to curtsey, to make small confessions to the other attendees.

This was one of the other things that Elise and Joan did to loosen up their guests. Each party --- and there were several a year --- included one guest who would be the Centerpiece. The Centerpiece had become a coveted role in the circles that attended this party, one that had to be applied for ahead of time.

And it was indeed a role to play. The Centerpiece was the one who had to start moving the atmosphere from party to play while the two ferrets tended to more mundane things such as maintaining snack levels and ensuring that the rules were followed. Once the atmosphere had shifted, the Centerpiece (almost always a known sub, but once or twice, a more dominant figure had surprised the group by serving) was to become literally that: a fixture at the center of the party, immobile. A figure to be discussed or a toy to be used in a public fashion.

Although this was Taegen's first time being the Centerpiece, the role fit her naturally. Elise had leapt at the chance to feature the mink for the party. To have a willing critter who was already a well-known sub (and already quite knowledgeable in bondage) made the hostesses' jobs easier and the party more fun.

By the time they had made the rounds of the patio, Taegen knew that she had done well. The timbre of the party had shifted according to plan, the curtains had been drawn, and the game of strip poker had already begun in the den. The mink was buzzing with a mixture of arousal and pleasurable embarrassment, along with a base note of that nearly primal need to please.

Which is precisely when her smirking owner and husband tugged on her leash to get her to look up, saying, "And this is Cheyenne. Cheyenne Lederer. I believe you've met."

Taegen found her gaze sliding up along the slinky form before her, hidden by a half-unbuttoned dress shirt, to the soft features of the other mink. He was sleek and well groomed, whiskers bristled as if caught in the middle of searching for an intriguing scent. As everything from the earlier conversations clicked into place, she found herself tense at the end of the leash.

Another mink.

And here she was, smelling of arousal and desire: the Centerpiece, the offering to the party.

Cheyenne's mind seemed to be going through some similar calculation, as his gaze shifted from shock through bemusement to hunger, grinning at the slender mink-toy being presented to him by the cat, giving an appraising glance over the rims of his glasses.

Taegen watched him turn to face her husband, "Good to see you here, buddy! And yeah, I believe we have." That grin widened, showing the mink's pointed teeth. "Wasn't expecting to be so lucky in my choice of toys for tonight."

Looking positively smug, Cheyenne tapped the tip of his wife's nose with the end of the leash, nodding. "Mmhm. Was my turn to bring the Centerpiece. Just about to go get her all trussed up. But here, stand up straighter, minkytoy."

Able only to muster a soft mewl, Taegen nodded and stood up straighter, her tail flitting about erratically.

"The Centerpiece should greet all her guests while she still can. Go on."

Taegen nodded and leaned in to give the other mink an embrace and a whiskery, bashful kiss to the side of his muzzle. "W-welcome..."

Cheyenne returned the kiss with a grin, seeming to pick up on some of Cheyenne's bravado. "Thank you, ah..." he reached a paw up to lift the tag on the smaller mink's collar to read it. "Thank you, toy. I'm sure I'll be most welcome indeed."

"I thought you said you didn't have anything planned," Taegen said, still shivering from the mix of humiliation and arousal as she tugged her shirt off.

Cheyenne, already nude, looked up from where he had been rooting in the bin of bondage gear, "I didn't, Taegen, I promise. I didn't even know he was coming until he showed up just then."

Taegen nodded, anxious. She slipped shyly out of the last of her clothes and knelt, nude, on the mattress.

"Do you want me to call in Elise? We can tap out, if it's uncomfortable, or Elise can ask him to not interact with you as the Centerpiece."

The mink felt herself flush beneath her fur, whiskers bristling. "Mmnf..." she managed, then, "N-no. I mean, now I'm all curious. I've...never been with another mink before, after all."

Cheyenne grinned and sat down on the edge of the mattress, holding a pair of soft, locking bondage cuffs and a snap hook connector --- two lobster clasps joined by a strip of nylon with a D-ring situated in the middle --- for binding them together. "Oh, so you're eager, then, toy?"

Taegen squirmed at the pet name. She hadn't quite left sub-space, hadn't wanted to, and so the words played readily into that. "I...maybe," she admitted, squirming tensely.

The cat's grin widened as he turned and crawled over the mattress to her, muzzle tucking in against her cheek, his paws working to fasten one of the locking cuffs around her wrist. "Toy sure smells eager," he breathed.

Tilting her cheek to her owner's muzzle and lifting both of her paws to offer her wrists to him, Taegen whined quietly in return. "Can't help it," she mumbled, her breathing picking up.

"I imagine not." Cheyenne continued slipping the other cuff onto the mink's other wrist, making a show of checking the locked status of each before attaching the connector to the exposed D-rings of the cuffs, effectively locking Taegen's paws together. Although cuffs were a common accessory for her, she always got a thrill out of having them put on by someone else.

"Hopefully not too obvious?" she asked.

"This is a play party, Taegen, it's kind of expected," Cheyenne said. The cat's laugh made Taegen lay her ears all the way back. He tugged on the strap connecting her cuffs together pulling her up onto her knees and then onto all fours, his paw pinning the snap connector to the mattress. The laugh turned into a low growl as Cheyenne murmured, "And besides, toy, everyone noticed." With a soft nip to her ear, he lowered his voice further to a soft purr, adding, "Everyone."

Any distance Taegen had managed to gain from the sexual dynamic to ask about plans was quickly obliterated with the firm treatment and teasing words. She quickly found herself back in that cozy submissive space, her paws clutching at the sheets of the mattress, held only as far apart as the cuffs would let them. "Was toy useful?"

Dragging the tote of gear closer, Cheyenne nodded, his voice muffled slightly by the fact that he couldn't hold back a purr. "Very useful. You got everyone up and moving. Lots of needy looks when we left to get ready." The cat brought up another snap connector and with an insistent push, nudged Taegen's shoulders down until her chin nearly touched her paws, clipping this connector between the D-ring on her collar and the one on the first snap connector, leaving the mink with her backside hiked up and exposed. "But you're only just getting started, minkytoy. You're going to be very, very useful by night's end, aren't you?"

Taegen nodded, her breathing quick and shallow in anticipation. She could smell her own arousal quite strongly, now, as well as that of Cheyenne, a scent she was well accustomed to. "Yes owner," she panted, breaths tinged with a whine.

There was a bit more fumbling in the bin before Cheyenne lay a few more items out in front of her, close enough to see but not touch. A ring-gag. A blindfold. A small remote control type device. A bowl of condoms. Two laminated signs --- one with rules, the other with a space for tallying just how the mink had been useful. A marker to go with the signs.

Kneeling before her, Cheyenne took the blindfold in one paw and the gag in the other and leaned in closer. The familiar scent of the cat's arousal was filling Taegen's nostrils, his stiff shaft dead center in her gaze, but, again, just out of reach. The scent of him was overpowering the scent of herself, but she could feel that burning arousal in her belly, feel the cool air against her groin, caressing warm and slick flesh.

"Even that mink? Cheyenne?" the cat asked. It was hard for Taegen to pick apart whether her owner was purring or growling, or perhaps a little bit of both. "Are you going to be a useful toy for him, too?"

Taegen felt her fur bristle, that perennial reaction to humiliation no longer restricted to just her tail, but creeping up her spine to her neck and ears, heckles raising. "I will," she whimpered. "I'll be usef-nngh!"

She was cut off quickly. She'd been so focused on Cheyenne's words and the sight of her arousal in the center of her tunnel-vision that she hadn't noticed the paw with the ring gag.

With one deft movement, the cat had taken advantage of her open muzzle to slip the gag in place, wedging her muzzle open with the ring of stiff rubber. His fingers quickly traced the straps of the gag to their ends, velcro straps that looped around her collar to hold the gag in place.

"I know you will, toy," the cat growled --- and it definitely was a growl this time. A commanding, possessive, domineering growl that ensured she knew her place.

Taegen could only whine and pant, huff and whimper. She nodded shakily, as much as the straps restraining her neck to her wrists would allow.

Those teasing growls continued as Cheyenne set up, clearly leaving the blindfold in his paw until last so that she would be forced to watch. "I wonder if toy will be able to tell it's him," he said. "By shape or by noise. Or maybe he'll lean forward and whisper to you how he's taking you. Maybe he'll just scruff the toy. I bet his teeth are sharp."

Whimper, pant, squirm. Taegen couldn't manage a whole lot more, as she watched her owner set up the signs. "Please use condoms; no damage; Centerpiece will use buzzer to tap out" read one. "Cum count: In sex --- In muzzle --- In fur" read the other, the pen laid neatly at its base.

"Maybe it'll trigger something in you," Cheyenne said. He picked up the remote control and gave its single button a quick press, the small box emitting a surprisingly loud buzzing noise, annoying by design. Slipping the buzzer into Taegen's paw, he leaned in closer to continue, "Maybe your body will know him by his species. Maybe you'll know what it is that you're missing out by him using a condom with you, by being that close to having his kits."

A more drawn-out whine this time, low and needy, as her owner sought out and tickled each and every one of her kinks in turn.

She was gone. Totally lost in sub-space. And he was driving her deeper and deeper.

"Press the button, toy."

Shaking, Taegen fumbled with the remote, getting the button aligned under her thumb before pressing it. She got a loud buzz in response.

"Good. Don't forget that, toy." Cheyenne grinned and reached once more into the tote of gear. "I'll watch when I can, but I have my own fun planned tonight."

With that, Taegen watched as the cat stood, making as if to open the door for everyone, letting the play of the Centerpiece begin, still murmuring, "Maybe toy will find herself needing him, hmm? Craving that mink within her, fitting so nicely like only another mink can. Maybe some day you will wind up with his kits."

The cat paused and turned back, looking as if he'd just remembered something. Taegen noticed the blindfold left in his paw and squirmed against the bed, knowing that the sensory deprivation would only serve to drive her deeper into Useful Mink territory.

Cheyenne knelt before her once more and lifted the blindfold, then set it to the side and instead lifted his other paw. In it was a safety pin, something from the emergency sewing kit in the gear tote. Holding his paws deliberately within her gaze, Cheyenne opened the safety pin, exposing the sharp point. With his free paw, he reached down to grab one of the wrapped condoms from the bowl.

"And who knows," he said, grinning widely as he drove the point of the pin through the package, the condom inside, and clear through out the other side of the package. "Maybe he'll get this one."

The condom dangled briefly from the safety pin directly before Taegen's eyes. She watched, unable to speak even if she hadn't been gagged, as the cat slid the needle-thin pin from the condom and massaged it with his fingerpads, leaving it looking intact and unmolested. He then tossed it almost casually into the bowl of condoms, mixing them up lazily with his paw. Cheyenne closed the safety pin and dropped it back into the tote with a small rattle.

Realizing that she had been holding her breath, Taegen let out a gasp and a shaky moan before swallowing dryly, making a soft glk noise with the gag in the way. She could feel Cheyenne hesitating, watching her for any sign that she would need to back out.

Her mind was reeling, her breath coming in ragged pants, her arousal out of control, her body coursing with what felt like electricity. But she gave a slight nod of consent.

Her last sight was of Cheyenne grinning as he reached down to fasten the blindfold over her eyes, clipping that, too, to the collar so that it couldn't easily be removed. Sight gone, she could only rely on touch, scent, taste, sound.

The rustle of Cheyenne standing, the feel of the mattress shifting beneath her.

"Remember your buzzer, toy."

Footsteps.

The scent of her owner's arousal fading, the scent of her own taking over.

The sound of the door.

Traces of other scents, other people, other species, other arousals.

Voices, soft applause.

And Cheyenne's voice, "The Centerpiece is ready."
I take the bus to the edge of Sawtooth, basically as close as I can get to the highway on local transit. Beyond here it's all industrial. All warehouses and junkyards and hulking, silent buildings painted gray or beige, or not painted at all. Machine shops, garages, or simply anonymous buildings with rows of doors and loading docks. Beyond here, there is no living. It is a liminal space.

That's okay. I just need out of this town. This stupid fucking town. This brown and flat and sad town. This restless town. This home to ennui and melancholy. This scrub of buildings and people and emotions spilled in the middle of an apathetic landscape like hay from an overturned truck.

I walk from there.

I walk past the buildings until the parking lots are replaced with fields and, eventually, the buildings are too.

I walk until the sound of the interstate grows from the sound of wind to the sound of a waterfall, and from there to the sound of wheels on pavement.

I walk along the county road, across the bridge over the freeway. Halfway across, I fumble my phone from my pocket and let it tumble over the railing to the concrete below.

I keep walking.

At fifteen, I had been an anxious and gawky dog. Too anxious. Too gawky. I took to slinking around school from class to class in silence, letting my overful backpack propel me down the halls, walking close to the walls. Any time not spent in the desk furthest from the door daydreaming was spent in front of one of the computers in the lab.

Sawtooth High had a few computer classes, but none of them warranted the lab that the school had. Twenty relatively high-end machines---at least, higher end than would ever be needed for the two typing classes, the Pascal class, or the HTML class offered by the school---and my favorite, two Linux machines tucked away in a corner. Babylon and Enterprise.

I spent hours on those damn machines. Sometimes, it would be me, holed up in the lab itself, sitting in front of an aged CRT monitor, claws clacking on the keys as I taught myself one programming language or another, worked on homework, or just plain goofed off online. Sometimes, it was me me surreptitiously tabbing back and forth between what I was supposed to be working on in Pascal class and a terminal window opened to Babylon (Enterprise being the machine that ran the school's website, we were discouraged from actually using). Sometimes it was me sneaking out of bed once I was sure my mom had gone to sleep and, muffling the modem with my pillow, logging on remotely.

Most often, at those times, it was me logging into some text adventure or another. Where flashy video games had never caught my attention, I'd gotten hopelessly addicted to dungeon crawling with a small party over a MUD. Where instant messengers had failed to grab me, I would spend hours chatting on MUCKs.

The limitations of text only fascinated me, and though I never wrote with any seriousness other than a well-worn blog, more journal than literature, I learned to weave my tales and use my words in front of a crowd.

And it was there where I found love. There where I found love and lust and romance and flings. I dated. I TSed (we were, of course, too cool to use so vulgar a word as 'cyber'). I set up relationships for characters in our games, and I set up relationships that transcended that, two hearts touching through only those white words on a black screen.

Merlin and Marusin, TheProf and rranger386, people I would dream about and likely never meet. We were all young. We were in love with each other in our own little worlds, serially and in parallel.

And while sometimes I would think about who they were beyond the screen, it was rarely for long. I was in love with Merlin the fighter who hated magic. I was in love with TheProf the student who desperately wanted to be a professor when he grew up, and didn't care which subject.

Sometimes I would think about who they were when we TSed, would wonder what it would be like to have their paw instead of my own around my erection, but never for long. It was easier. It was safer to not bother with it.

But our relationships were as real as any collocated flings. More so, we told ourselves, for the purity of essence that came with no flesh to get in the way.

I'm sure we all hungered for touch.

I'm regaining my I. My me. My self.

I'm no longer just Taegen, that monster, that hollow shell, that desolate vacuum. No longer watching him from the outside, watching him move with mindless purpose.

I'm regaining my I, and I don't like what I see.

I keep walking.

It was toward the tail end of high school that I began to get plagued with depression and mood swings.

I was a healthy collie. All the romance of a noble lineage had gone to my parents' heads, and there was simply no reason one of my standing should ever feel bad. Sure, the family had come on hard times financially, and Idaho had been an inexpensive refuge for us. Flyover state or no, we could keep our large house and happy lives. How could any dog be sad?

And yet I was. I was in spades. I would swing down for a few months, life slowly losing its color, until I'd feel nothing except an ache behind my sternum, eating only mechanically, and only when reminded.

Then it would pass. It would be dinner and I'd realize that I was actually really enjoying the curried chicken. I'd realize that it had been days since I'd thought about falling asleep and not waking up. I'd have energy.

I'd have a bit too much energy.

Mom would shrug and mumble something about boys. "Men in this family, always so moody. You'll grow out of it."

I mostly kept it to myself. When I did share it with friends online, it was to commiserate in the "Parents, eh? What do they know?" style that never goes out of fashion among teenagers.

Still, as awful as it was, I learned the rhythm of it. I'd spend a month or so feeling terrible, three months feeling pretty good, and then a month feeling great.

Not just great, better than great.

I'd spend all of my allowance in a week. I'd sleep three, four hours a night. I'd write page after page of backstory for my role-playing characters. I'd scribble ideas as fast as they came to me and still not be fast enough.

I still have a folder of those ideas. They're illegible, unnerving.

And then, over the course of a week at most, I'd be back underwater once more.

Depression is a strange thing.

I tried at several points to capture some sense of it in words, but nothing ever quite fit. Whenever I did, I found myself using a lot of ellipses just to fill in, textually, my fumbling for words with enough meaning. I came up with stuff like, "I dunno. My brain just isn't all me. Like... It's something else. It's there and exerts influence on me life, but it spends an inordinate about of time trying to destroy me."

Or poetry. I tried to throw that at depression, too, but it just came out sounding stilted and weird. I'd wind up talking about fire a lot. Fire and birds, for some reason.

Which was nonsense, really, but each in such a way that seemed to cover at least one small corner of depression.

Depression is big. It's vast and terrible and empty. Completely empty, and there you are, in the middle of it, feeling bad about nothing.

There's just no sense to it. No sense in trying to describe nothing. A 'nothing' which is also nonsensical.

And yet I keep trying.

All these words...

  Every angel is terrifying.

The words start a whisper, a half-heard echo. They are a niggling thought, a loose tooth, a thread to be worried loose from a hem.

And before long, they're resounding within my head. They pound and boom in time with my steps, and I start murmuring them under my breath. "Every angel is terrifying. Every angel is terrifying."

As with all linguistic satiation, I can't tell when it is that they stop holding any meaning. It's as though I let my attention slip, and the next time the phrase rolls through my mouth, they're awkward shapes tumbling from my tongue, buzzing in my nose, brushing past my whiskers. Poetry reduced to its bare building blocks becomes as clumsy as any other guttural utterance, though they may stack better than most.

"Ein jeder Engel ist schrecklich," I try, hoping the original German might somehow waken something other than dread within me---it doesn't---and then I bark out a laugh, realizing maybe it's doing exactly what it was meant to.

The single laugh does not echo. It dies among the weeds and crumbly blacktop of the county road.

I keep walking. I keep murmuring my mantra. Keep muttering long after the words have lost meaning. Long after all that's left is a bottomless, emotionless nothing. Long after all thoughts have left my head, except for the realization that I desperately, desperately want to die. Realize it for the million, billion, trillionth time.

I keep walking.

"LTS, this is Taegen, how can I help you?"

It was one of those staid lines, the standard greeting that everyone gets when they called our department, Library Technical Services. One of those lines that was so rote, such a patterned behavior, that I'd answered my own cellphone with it once or twice.

I'd worked at the campus library for a year and a half at that point, and eighty percent of the problems we take care of were reported through a form on the library's intranet. Even so, I'd gotten that line down pat. The line and the tone. I lowered my voice a few steps, spoke quietly and soothingly, sounding attentive. The people who called rather than using the request form were usually doing so for a reason: they wanted service right then, their problem was urgent, and usually affected more than just themselves. Most issues with customer-facing stuff---the public computers, desktops or laptops---were reported through a phone call.

"I...I can't find the photo editing program, and I can't find the page layout program, and I can't find email, and...and gosh darn it, you guys promised all of this would be on my new computer!" the frustrated voice whined from the receiver. I felt my ears cringe back and the fur at the back of my neck rise.

"Alright, ma'am, slow up a sec, everything's going to be alright, now--"

"No, everything is not going to be alright! I was told I'd have all the software that was on my old machine back again, and it's not, otherwise why would you guys ask for it?"

"Ma'am, please slow down, I think there's been a misunderstanding," I said. "When we upgraded your computer, you were upgraded to the new email suite, so your desktop shortcut is probably broken. I can fix that and install the other software items you need here in just a sec.Can you compile a list of all the old software you had on your computer?"

She was near tears by then. "I don't understand why you guys even asked me what software I wanted on the new computer if you're not going to install any of it!"

"That's where the misunderstanding was," I replied hastily, tail tucking out of instinct. "We were asking for a list of software to be installed on everyone's computer in Liaisons, not just your station. We install the same operating system image on everyone's computer in that area."

"Well, this is absurd. I need email back, and I need photo editing and page layout...ing!" She sounded so much like a petulant child, I dropped the phone.

No, tell a lie. I threw the phone. The portable handset skittered across the carpet and knocked against the far wall, battery cover snapping open and the battery pack tumbling free, smoking.

Bad sign.

I rushed to pick up the battery pack and hold the shorting wires apart so that I could tape them separately.

I shouldn't have thrown the phone, to be honest. It was just as childish and petulant as the employee I was talking to. No denying it felt good, though, that catharsis.

But that day hadn't been a good one. It felt like school and work were conspiring against me to make my life as hard as possible. Majoring in computer science had sounded so fun when I'd picked it, but the more I learned about computers, the more I learned to loathe them. The more I loathed computers, the more I loathed a key part of my identity, loathed myself as a whole. The more I loathed computers, the more I loathed school, the worse my grades, the angrier the calls home, the less I spoke, the more I hid.

The last thing I needed was an employee throwing a temper tantrum and blaming me for her non-issues blown way out of proportion.

We knew it was a non-issue, too. Her software had indeed been included on the list we were given with her name beside it, so we had checked her drive over the network and found that the last access times for the editing software had been only a few hours after their creation dates, more than a year ago. Always on a quest to trim down the size of the disk images, boss had gone on a bit of a spree---or the opposite of a spree, rather---pointedly not including software that people didn't use on the Liaisons image.

A minute and a half later found me sitting in my chair trying to fix the portable handset I'd just thrown across the lab with little success. The employee, a wolf, came peeking in through the door to LTS. I held up the phone toward her and mumbled something about having a little bit of trouble with the handset, simple mechanical repair, sorry for the dropped call. My boss peeked out of his office, glancing between us to see what the noise was.

"Matt," she whined to him. "When you gave me the new computer, I was told that I would have all of my old programs on it and they're not there!" She sounded a hairsbreadth away from tears, and my boss's eyes went wide at the tinge of hysteria, his muscles tensing as he backed away from this new threat. I noted with a small amount of satisfaction that the coyote's own tail tucks as reflexively as mine.

"I think there was a misunderstanding," he said carefully. "Everything will be alright, if you just give us a second, we'll--"

I was already wincing away from the conversation at his very familiar words by the time she stamped her foot. Her tail was already bottle-brushed out, and I could tell she was only a moment away from hissing. I took that as my cue and quietly ducked out around her to slip out of the library.

I walked around the building. I took the counter-clockwise route, knowing I risked being seen from LTS' view of the parking lot, but trusting my boss to have things in hand.

An unseasonably warm winter was heading toward a cold snap. I could smell it in the air, as though all of the moisture had been packed away for the weekend. Shortcutting through a grassy alley between the library and the psychology building, I crunched through dead leaves with paws buried deep in pockets.

I wasn't relaxed enough by the time I reach the front doors again and so I walked around the building a second time, thinking.

Most of the employees in the library were meek, older, librarian types. I didn't mind that. It made my job a whole lot easier. I told them to do this, not to do that, and they obeyed with a look of fear or reverential awe in their eyes. We had a few that were bad for thinking they knew rather more about computers than they really did; bad, because we got called in to clean up particularly broken messes.

Still feeling surly, I decided this particular librarian was the last type: the customer. The customer is always right, even when they're wrong, even when it's to the detriment of the those around them.

I really shouldn't have thrown the phone.

When I got back into the lab, my boss handed me a small stack of install disks and a list of downloadable software with an apologetic look. "She was awful...I think I'm scarred for life," he mumbled. "I'm gonna need you to install those for her. She went home for the day, though, so feel free to do it remotely."

"What's her computer again?" I asked resignedly. Fair's fair.

"N-W-A-I-T-Taegen"

"Nora? Nancy? I forget her name. Guess I blocked it from my mind. Should probably email her an apology."

He gave an abbreviated wag, always a sign of trouble. "'I moan' backwards."

I groaned, rolled my eyes at the strained humor, and set to work installing Mrs.Waite's software.

That night, I dully made myself a grilled cheese sandwich, poured a finger of precious, ill-gotten gin over stale ice, and holed up in front of my computer, wrapped in a blanket with tail draped limply from the back of my chair.

For an hour, perhaps, I scrolled through blogs and forums. I read up on my friends' brighter lives. I read threads I didn't care about. After a certain point, I didn't even read. I scrolled mechanically, and when I hit the bottom, I'd click the 'next page' button.

Or perhaps I read, I don't know. Perhaps the pattern-matching part of my brain that recognized letters and words and sentences kept on doing its job. Perhaps words and meaning did flow through my mind, but none of it found any foothold. None of it stuck.

It was a flashing icon in system tray that caught my attention, and I sheepishly clicked over to chat, wondering just how long it had been blinking at me.

There, tinted cyan amid the general stream of chatter in the room, was a private message. With a force of will, I crunched my mind back into gear, and read to understand.

    Cheyenne\P pages, Hey, you okay? to you.

Before I knew what I was doing, I was already well into my reply third reply, and by then, I had too much momentum to stop.

    You page, Yeah. I mean, I guess Im depressed. Work is probably the highlight of my day if only because I have to be there and doing my job. Even with classes, I can just zone out in the back and feel bad almost in private. I come home and avoid my roommates and idle on here. to Cheyenne\P.
    You page-pose, Piree sighs, Im okay, though. to Cheyenne\P.
    You page, Or my life is okay, I dunno. to Cheyenne\P.
    You page, Shouldnt complain, Im in a good spot. Its just hard when it all feels so pointless and empty. Sometimes I get so desperately sad and everything hurts or whatever, but this is just like having my heart and brain replaced with cotton balls. Its like thinking through gauze. to Cheyenne\P.

I realized, by the time I manage to lift my paws from the keys and cup them around my blunt muzzle, that I've started crying, the fur on my cheeks damp with tears. I wished I could delete messages. Erase them from the screen, from the server, from Cheyenne's mind, if he'd already read them. I wished I could take it back and just be empty in my room, at my poster-covered walls, rather than empty on the internet at distant friends.

Greeted with silence, I tucked my muzzle down and covered the rest of my face with my hands and held my breath, willing time to stop, reverse its own flow, and drop me back at work.

When I looked up again, I was greeted not with a reply from Cheyenne, nor even simple silence, but a few lines on the screen.

    Cheyenne\P teleports away.
    MEETME: Cheyenne\P would like you to join them at their current location.
    MEETME: type mjoin Cheyenne\P to join them.

For another minute, I stared at the screen, unable to comprehend what would lead him to want to talk about this further, in some quieter room.

"Ah, fuck it," I said aloud, typed mjoinpeterp, and whacked the enter key.

    Cheyenne\P hugs!
    Cheyenne\P says, Tell me whats up?
    Piree hugs and sighs. I dunno. Depressed, I guess. That time of the month.
    Cheyenne\P says, Yeah...
    Cheyenne\P says, I know youre poking fun, but it does seem cyclical.
    You say, it?
    Cheyenne\P says, Depression, yeah.
    Cheyenne\P says, In you, I mean. You seem to go through these cycles of really energetic and really depressed.
    You say, Yeah...
    You say, That noticeable?
    Cheyenne\P sticks his tongue out. Dont take it the wrong way. Its not like super blatant or anything, just something Ive noticed about you.
    You say, heh
    You say, You pay that much attention to me, then?

I grunted and spent another moment wishing I could take back what I'd just sent.

    Cheyenne\P says, I guess :P
    You say, Sorry, that came out snippy. I didnt mean it.
    Cheyenne\P shrugs. I guess I do, though. I like you. I worry about you.
    Piree hugs. Thanks. That means a lot.

When I next looked at the clock, it was nearing two in the morning. I'd spent nearly five hours talking with Cheyenne. I thanked him profusely for staying up so late with me---"No problem, I don't have work tomorrow"---and signed off for the night.

I went to bed...not exactly happy, but comforted. As I started nodding off, I realized that I'd disconnected in Cheyenne's room, my character had fallen asleep there. A smile tugged at my lips. It felt right.

  The beautiful is right at the margin of the terrifying.

And it is beautiful.

With the sun at my back, I trudge east. The din of the freeway long ago softened through waterfall and back into the sound of distant winds.

I feel those winds blow through me. Not just blow through my fur---the air itself was still---but through me, through my core. I feel hollow, empty. I feel like one of the pipes in an organ I got to tour some years back. I feel the wind blow through me, and I feel myself excited, humming. Hollow, but humming. Cold, but buzzing.

I realize my breath is coming hoarsely now. My steps are heavy and my feet hurt and I'm breathing hard. I've been stomping without realizing it.

I slow my pace and focus on walking like a normal dog. No sense in getting worn out early. I want to get away from town. I want to walk far enough away that the town of too many memories. Of so many visits with Cheyenne, of jobs left behind, of feelings too strong to bear.

I walk east under some other authority's direction. I am not in control of my body anymore. I am not in control of my thoughts.

I have no thoughts.

I have no thoughts. Emotions well up, rage, and die within, ceaselessly and directionlessly.

I have no thoughts. I ride my emotions from one swell to the next, surfing along, feeling that I, too, will rage and die.

I have no thoughts.

I keep walking.

Much of my undergrad was borne out of depression. School was just a thing I did during the days, but my time spent in front of a keyboard was a part of myself. Each story, each post, each role-play session was a piece of myself. Each was a tiny rock to throw at this vasty nothingness. Justifying the things I liked, delineating the craziness of lives real and manufactured, gushing about worlds fantastic...they were all ways for me to pound my fists against nothing at all.

A scant two months into my second year at university, I crashed hard and tried to commit suicide, a private affair I never told anyone about, and after that, I just buried myself in it---in my computer and in the life lived there, the life I was soon sharing with Cheyenne.

I found ways to write more whenever possible, just to try and fill that big, quiet nothing. I splashed around in great heaps of words, scrabbling at every pebble of a story I could find beneath the surface. I prowled through the tangled thicket of fiction and nonfiction, hunting for ideas to highlight. I took way too many metaphors way, way too far.

And you know what? It worked.

At least, after a fashion. I started to feel fulfillment. I started filling my weekends with writing. I got in trouble with Cheyenne for idling out repeatedly during conversations, words flowing into the editor instead of between the two of us. I started to gain energy just from the act of spending energy on something I loved wholeheartedly.

In a flash of insight---or perhaps mania---I scheduled an appointment with someone in the arts department. Changing degrees and the course of my life was, it turns out, as simple as signing a sheet of paper and waiting a week for confirmation. The next semester, I would be able to start signing up for classes to work toward a degree in creative writing. It would likely extend my undergrad by a year, but thankfully, I'd gotten plenty of the core curriculum classes out of the way already.

One of the downsides of working on insight is, by the very definition, a lack of foresight. Telling my parents resulted in them immediately pulling financial support for my tuition.

"I'm not going to help buy you a useless future," dad growled. "I can't stop you from throwing away your life; you're a fucking adult. That won't be on me, though."

It was only by dint of luck that the current semester, plus my living situation for the remainder of the semester and summer was already paid for. That check had already been deposited.

The thing that sealed the deal for me was that I still enjoyed my time at school even when the next downswing struck later that semester. I'd already realized that decisions made when I felt good weren't always the right ones, but if they still felt right when I was depressed, I could be sure that they'd be more likely to stick.

Such had not been the case with comp sci, it seemed.

Depression was not solved by increasing quality of life. Its tenor changed, to be sure, but the dependable five month cycle continued throughout the years, souring summers and leaving me bedridden with "the flu" or "a cold" for days at a time.

I would spend the days under the covers with the second-hand laptop I got from the library surplus and, depending on the weather, either a glass of gin and ice or a hot cocoa spiked with peppermint schnapps, alternating between writing and programming, masturbating to old TS logs, and crying.

I would role play as my best, purest characters. Or perhaps, with Cheyenne, I would role play as my better self. Someone happier than I was. Healthier, more responsive, more engaging.

I would go to bed feeling guilty for wearing such a mask, consoling myself in the fact that without it, I might wind up without him.

I would marvel the enormity of this empty space in which I inhabited.

I would marvel at the film-like quality to my life.

I would marvel at the diegesis of objects, sounds, tastes, smells.

I inhabited a spotlight shone on a flat gray ground.

I began relying on alcohol to feather the edge of it, making the boundary between myself and that emptiness softer, less cruelly sharp.

I used the pain of plucked fur or hot knife-tip against skin to send up magnesium flares, enough to briefly light up the world around me and offer a sense of clarity, however superficial. The mundane, everyday-ness of wound care would ground me for a week, two. Before long, my arms were ragged, scarred.

None of that made me any less of myself. They didn't sweep away Taegen. It simply became a part of me while I wasn't watching. The pain, the gin, the days holed up in bed were a fine set of glasses for helping me see which things I was burning myself over were real, and which were just phantoms in that dreamscape.

And then, with clockwork predictability, it would lift. With a sharp coolness burning my nostrils, I'd rise before the sun and walk the neighborhood, find my way to The Book and The Bean, and see eyes other than my own.

With only a modicum of foresight or perhaps practiced nonchalance, I slipped from my undergraduate program to an MFA program in Moscow, Idaho, off in the far west of the state.

Memories, fragments, wordless things crowd me, wraiths tugging at my clothing and fur. I am caught up in these non-thoughts, these non-memories and non-words, buoyed up, borne aloft, buffeted.

My steps falter. I stumble and weave. I fall once, twice. Tired. Exhausted. Spent. Drained of life and purpose and intent.

Taegen is gone. The collie is gone. There is only the I, the me, the barest speck of self.

"Oh god, it's so much easier to fly into Boise than Moscow or Sawtooth," Cheyenne grunted, luggage clattering to the floor as we hauled it from the carousel.

I laughed. "The city does come with its benefits, yeah. Pretty good food, and it's big enough to get you to visit more."

"Yeah, I turn into a pumpkin if I leave the five boroughs at all."

"Well, it's not that big, and not nearly as tall, thankfully."

Cheyenne smiled apologetically, tall ears splayed. "Sorry. Can't help my apartment's so high up."

Telescoping the handle out of one of the shepherd's two suitcases, I guided him away from the crowd and over to the rental car stations. "You're fine, love, promise. You turn into a pumpkin when you get out of the city, and I feel like any building higher than three stories is bound to come tumbling down."

"I know. Different strokes, I guess. I feel so exposed out here. It's all so flat, I feel like the tallest thing around."

"And I feel like a tiny speck in New York." I shrugged. "Despite growing up next to the mountains."

The rental car was a concession to life in the Midwest. It was all well and good to take public transit in a place like New York City, or even cabs, but even though public transit wasn't exactly terrible in Boise, it was much harder to get from the airport to my apartment here on public transit than it was out east. Besides, it would allow us the opportunity to hunt down good restaurants or hunt for good hiking east of the city.

We spent the drive back catching up. We talked plenty, both over text and phone, but for some reason, those first few hours after touchdown always felt like a period of reacquainting.

I told him of life in grad school, of looking at doctoral programs, of the way that it always felt like stumbling when I started teaching in the fall, before I'd fall back into the rhythm of it, no matter how many fall semesters I taught. He told me about his design work in the city, and though I'd heard plenty about it before, it was suddenly more engaging, if only for the fact that I could see his wild gestures when describing it out of the corner of my eye as I drove us home.

By the halfway point, we'd re-purposed the center console as platform to bear our clasped paws, and by the final mile, our paws had each wound up on the other's thigh.

The bags didn't even make it to the bedroom. Neither did most of our clothes, for that matter. They left a trail of evidence for some keen-eyed detective from the entryway to my bed, where the heady scent of sex hung thick in the air: a final clue for why two dogs were sprawled, panting, fur matted with semen and lube.

An hour's lazy conversation, a shared shower, and a glass of wine on the patio led us to the conclusion that it was far, far too nice out to bother with eating indoors, and so we walked to the convenience store for a simple dinner and struck out for the park.

"It's a different kind of height."

"Mm?"

"The mountains," Cheyenne said.

We'd settled down on a pair of folding camp chairs in a small park and were sharing an inexpensive can of wine---though perhaps 'inexpensive' isn't a necessary prefix to 'can of wine', but they looked like sodas from a distance, so they worked well for picnics. Before us rose a slow slope, the neatly manicured grass of the park ending abruptly at the base of a dun-colored hill.

"That's hardly a mountain," I laughed.

"Yeah, but, like...in Sawtooth. Those were real mountains."

"Fair. What do you mean, different kind of height, though?"

Cheyenne took a long sip from the can, and we sat in silence, waiting for the last of the sun to slip off the tip of Camel's Back. Once it had settled into the evening with the rest of us, he continued. "It's so haphazard. All the buildings in the city, they're all so regular, even when they're tall. I can stand by the base and look straight up and know---know---that I will see sky. I don't feel that way with mountains."

"I suppose I felt the opposite," I said after a pause. "I always felt like they were looming over me, like their whole weight would topple down on top of me if the wind blew wrong."

The other dog laughed. "I guess we're the same, then, for different reasons. I always felt like the mountains were going to come down on me. They sit there to the...well, to the east, here, but back in Sawtooth to the west, and they just--" he waved his paw vaguely at the hill before us. "--they just stand there. Wild and untamed. There's no order. You don't know what they're going to do. Not like in cities, where the buildings are...are manifestations of order. Order imposed on physical reality."

"You, my darling, are drunk," I said, and we both laughed again. "But I think I understand. You feel like the mountains could coming crashing down on you, because there's nothing to stop them from doing so."

"Mm."

"And I feel like there's nothing to stop the buildings from coming down on me because I know how bad we are at ordering our lives; how could we possibly be any better at ordering nature?"

Cheyenne passed the can of wine to me to finish, waited for me to transfer it to my other paw, and then took my closer one in his. We sat, paw in paw, until evening settled into twilight.

That night, as we lay curled together, I wondered aloud for the millionth time what kept Cheyenne with me. He drew so much strength from order, and I was such a train wreck.

"Sometimes I feel like you're the mountains. There's nothing tostopyou from falling, because there's so little order in your life.Doesn't mean I don't love you."

I hesitated in the slow strokes of my fingers through his fur, frowning up into the darkness.

"I'm sorry, Piree," he mumbled, falling back to that comfortable name of years ago, a username turned pet name. "That maybe came out wrong. Maybe I'm still a bit drunk."

"No, you're probably right." I sighed, turning until I could tuck my muzzle beneath his. "I would have a hard time trusting order. I don't have any proof that it actually exists."

We slept.

Shivering in the March evening's chill, I come to a tee in the road. Staring out at the unbroken rolling plains beyond town, I linger. The sun sets, the moon rises. Stars fade into view, and still I stare at the low scrub.

The first true thought that enters my mind is of how small I am. I mentally try to estimate how many of myself stacked head to toe and packed in cords it would take to equal just one of those low hills, not to mention just one of the mountains of the Sawtooth range behind me. And how little all my problems must mean to that many people.

All that I love feels poisoned to me, tainted by the fact that I burned so hard in an attempt to light up all this nothing a little better. I feel forced to like these things because I'm trammeled by this indescribably empty space with them.

No, tell a lie. I did this. I tore Cheyenne up and threw him away because he wasn't in there with me in the midst of that nothing. I was a coward: afraid to be alone, but more afraid to ask for help, so I removed my choice in the matter.

All these words, all this burning bright in an attempt to light up vast, crenelated spaces of nothing...perhaps it's just a hunt for a reason to incinerate myself.

These upswings, if that's what they are, have long since ceased to actually feel good. It's just depression at the speed of sound. Depression, but if you stop moving, you die.

And now that's where I am. That's who I am. That's all that's left. In the last week, all of that sludge of depression sloughed off and I was left jewel-hard and burning from within. All of that nothing had transmuted into hatred, utter revulsion for myself and everything good in my life.

I am not myself.

Burned too long, and all that's left is a charred scaffold of a personality.

I am not myself.

In the middle of class earlier today, I simply gave in. I must have stopped talking for a long moment, as a hesitant "Doctor MacIver...?" came from the middle of the room. As my only response, I stood up and walked silently from the room.

No, not 'I'. I was not the one doing these things, anymore. Someone else was. Taegen MacIver was. I watched numbly as he paced out the door.

He didn't stop in the hallway.

He didn't stop at the door outside, nor at the quad.

He didn't stop until he made it home.

He didn't stop at his door. Not until he made it to the computer did he stop, and only then to lean over the keyboard words spilling directly onto the screen with no thought to back them up.

    You mail, I honestly feel sorry for you. The only thing more pathetic than myself is anyone who would love me. to Cheyenne\P.

After countless nightmares wherein I would somehow find the one single thing I could say to hurt someone---no, not hurt, crush; completely and utterly destroy---any revulsion of actually doing so was lost amid the flames of boundless loathing for this Taegen, this hollow shell of a collie.

Then it was just a matter of him grabbing a few things and hopping on the bus.

I had no thoughts.

I had no thoughts.

I had no I.

The sound of a car door shutting brings me out of my reverie, if reverie it is, and I blink at my surroundings. I'm standing at the side of the road with the barbed wire of the fence clenched in my fists, a small, cheap two-door parked about twenty feet away. It's a small wonder I hadn't heard it before, nor even noticed the headlights casting my shadow before me. There's a dull pain in my hands. A far away pain. A someone-else pain.

Once the driver walking towards me resolves from a blurry black cutout against their headlights to the features of one of my students---a solidly built mountain lion, glasses, feminine features on a masculine face; the one who had called after me in class---I relax my grip on the fence. Without saying a word, the puma leads me over to the passenger door of the car and makes me sit in the seat. They tear strips from a towel in the back seat to wrap my bleeding pads.

My paws. My paws covered in lacerations and punctures from the barbed-wire fencing. They are not my paws. They are someone else's. They are somewhere else.

Am I me? Is Taegen myself? Who lived this life? Who loved? Who destroyed? Great, choking sobs begin to muddle all the 'who's and obscure all the 'why's.

With my student's help, I use one of the strips to wipe the tears and snot from my face. The mountain lion shuts the door, pads back around the car, and turns it around on the narrow county road.

When we reach the university, the cat finally speaks, asking me where I live from there. I mumble my address, and another two minutes of silence follow before we pull up in front of the condos I live in.

Both of us get out of the car. They ask if I need help inside, if I need an ambulance. I shake my head, and the mountain lion gives me a hug.

It isn't a guy hug, isn't that chaste, dry form of affection I've never been able to understand, though it's far from any embrace I'd shared with Cheyenne. There's more support, more emotion, more understanding in that hug than in any of the many words I've been capable of hearing over the past week, month, year, lifetime, and I have to try my hardest to make it back inside before bursting into tears once more.

  Who, if I cried out, would hear me among the ranks of angels?
  And even supposing one of them took me suddenly to their breast,
  I would perish within their overpowering being,
  For the beautiful is right at the margin of the terrifying, which we can only just endure,
  And we marvel at it, because it holds back in serene disdain and does not destroy us.
  Every angel is terrifying.

I have found my I.

I fumble the snub-nosed revolver from the waistband of my pants, swing open the loading gate, and, one by one, dump the rounds into my bandaged paw. Acting on serene autonomy, I lock the gun into its case once more, and tip the cartridges out of my paw and into the trash.
Doctor Maura told me I should start journaling when this whole crazy process started. She said it would keep me grounded, let me set milestones of memory, some BS like that.

I told her I'd give it a think and then promised myself I'd forget about it.

But now, you're gone.

You're gone.

Oh god.

You're gone.

I made it home from the hospital a few hours ago. My hand hurts. My heart hurts. So much paperwork to let someone go.

They say I'll have to sign more tomorrow, and that I should get a lawyer.

I keep expecting you to still be here.

It's not trite, like it sounds like when others say it.

Not like I'm expecting you to come around the corner or come through the door.

More like

You're still at the hospital.

You're still just at chemo.

You're out of the house.

You lost your phone.

I guess that's trite.

Though I turned off your phone.

I could hear it vibrating every time I messaged.

Couldn't tell if that made me feel sad or stupid, or both.

Both, I think.

You made it to the funeral home.

In one piece.

Hah hah.

Nice skunk working with me there is irked that I keep texting.

Just showed him this.

He got quiet and smiled and said, "You can keep texting."

Feeling slightly less stupid, but no less sad.

Cremation and all that goes with it is expensive.

I mean, not super expensive. Cheaper than the other stuff.

But we didn't really plan this well.

Oh god.

I almost made a suggestion.

Oh god.

You're gone.

You came home in a plastic bag in a box.

Lol

this is dumb

cryinf ovef a bvox

Service Friday 4pm call Maru dad mom mil Jenna Jeff Selene flowers 664-1140

...

Thought you should know, I guess.

Kick me from beyond the grave if I start using this as a notepad.

I know you would, too.

Okay.

So.

You know I hate your mom.

I think that's supposed to be some Thing, that a husband must hate his wife's mom.

But you know that, because I'm pretty sure you hated her too.

I mean, you never said so to my face or anything, but you did all you could not to be in the same room as her.

(I know you hate your stepdad)

*hated

fuck

sorry

...

sorry

Anyway, that bitch was there at your service.

Of course she was, I mean.

But I call her a bitch because she was.

She made it sound like I killed you.

She said if her daughter had married another cat, it would've been fine.

But no.

You married me.

And I don't know how, but somehow it became my fault that you died.

We went from crying together over supermarket snack trays to terse arguments in surprisingly little time.

She thought that if she'd married a cat, she would've had kids and a happier life.

I don't know where the cancer came in, but she was convinced that this was somehow the cause of it.

Marry a coyote? Get cancer.

I mean, duh.

She really wanted grandkits.

(didn't tell her about the ligation. You never did, so I promised I wouldn't)

Anyway.

I'm really upset.

The service wasn't meaningful. It was boring.

Your mother aside, I think that's the most upsetting thing.

Your service was boring.

I got home at nine or whatever, and I just sat on the bed.

I fell asleep in my nice clothes.

Now I'm sitting on the bathroom floor waiting for the water to heat up, and it's already hot, but I'm still on my phone, just like you hate.

*hated

Thank you for leaving a will.

Met with MiL again, this time with lawyers.

Thank you for leaving me everything.

Even your ashes. Your mom hated that most, I think.

You left me with all of our debts, but you left her with nothing.

Surprised I don't feel self-righteous or whatever. Just resolute. I didn't "win". If anyone won, it was you.

But if I'd had to cede to your mom and stepdad that would have hurt.

Thank you.

I formed your ashes into a rock by mixing them with water and baking until they got hard, and then I skipped it across the university pond.

Kidding.

I know you asked for that.

I also didn't dump your ashes out in the parking lot of your office.

I didn't dump them in the plaza fountain or flush them down a toilet at your office, either.

Sorry. All your last wishes gone to waste.

I took your ashes and drove up into the hills, because I decided this wasn't for you, it was for me.

I'm sorry.

I drove up into the hills until I got to one of those pull-aside rest stops, and I walked down to the river there, and I just sat for a bit and cried.

And I wasn't thinking.

And I cut open the bag of ashes and scooped a few pawfuls of water in there and mixed it up to a sort of smoothie consistency.

And I poured it out on the river bank.

And I kinda mixed and kneaded and massaged it into the river mud.

And I just kinda cried and gave you up bit by bit.

The water would splash up on the banks and I just let you be carried away bit by bit.

Until there was nothing left but a messy spot on the shore.

And I washed my paws.

And it was super cold.

And I only had my jeans to dry my paws on, so I just sat there like an idiot.

Crying and puffing into my paws to try and warm them up.

You'll be proud to know that it was disgusting.

there's you all over that river bank

and all over my paws

and stuck in my fur

and probably on my muzzle

and the steering wheel of the car

and the doorknib

asnd your all over now

and i thought I was saying goodbye

and your still here

i miss you

i love you

Okay.

So.

Not only was that a mess, but it was apparently illegal.

I slept and feel better, and now I'm giggling like an idiot over the fact that I did something meaningful to me, and it turned out I was breaking the law the whole time. You're not supposed to scatter ashes in water.

(And even if it were legal, there's probably a better way to do it than what I did.)

So there you have it. I thought I was going to snub your goofy wishes but your idiot husband wound up going along with them all the same.

Back at work today.

Everyone was nice.

Calm.

And I do feel better, PS. I think I got more out of that than I can put into words.

I miss you, sweetheart.

I remember when you got diagnosed and we both had a good cry over it, but then it all turned out to be so boring after that.

It was hard having that hang over us both, I know, but it all got routine

Awful, but routine

And then things got better.

Until they didn't.

Everything got so bad so quickly.

Your mom didn't even come and see you.

Oh well.

Starting on the rest of your will and such tonight.

Looks like you just left me anything.

Which is good.

When my sister died, everything was a mess, because she had two wills.

Neither had been updated.

Oh god, and her husband and my parents were a mess trying to figure things out with the house and title and stuff.

Renting is making things easier.

And your "everything to Taegen" will.

Your mom's pissed.

Okay, your mom's -really- pissed.

She says that a lot of your stuff is rightfully hers.

I've yet to find anything that could rightfully be called hers.

She wants to go through your desk with me, and I don't know what to say to her. She says she's got books and papers that are hers in there, and I don't know what to do about that.

I wish you were here to tell her off.

She keeps sending me messages in all caps that are half about your stuff and half about how I'm the wrong species, and that you deserved a cat who would take care of her and give her grandkits. She says I'm garbage and disreputable and that I tarnished the reputation of your family.

Which I don't get.

You guys aren't famous

*Forwarded message from Xiuying (Cheyenne Mom)* GARBAGE YOUR GARBAGE I CANT BELIEVE YOUD KEEP ME FROM MY DAUGHTER

*Forwarded message from Xiuying (Cheyenne Mom)* You took our name and DRAGGED IT THROUGH MUD YOU TOOK LI AND DRAGGED HER THROUGH MUD GIVE ME WHATS MINE

Though I guess I did drag you throuugh the mud.

Har Har

I don't know what she means about keeping you from her.

I thought I knew what hatred felt like, but damn, Cheyenne.

How did so sane a cat come from so crazy a family?

I was going to go through your clothes first, because those felt like they'd be easy, but I'm going to go through your desk instead.

There is literally nothing in your desk of interest.

I took all our bills and boxed up everything and gave it to your mom.

Seriously. You had some notes printed out about research, two planners, and  12 blank books.

I counted.

I swear to god, Cheyenne. I miss the hell out of you, but 12 blank books?

I just kept your laptop.

Your mom's yelling at me again.

She wants to go through my papers now, too. And my books?

I love you and miss you so much. You were always so good at telling her to go away. She won't listen to me at all.

Your stepdad is meeting with me after work.

We're meeting at a coffee shop, don't worry.

WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK

Your stepdad was nice enough, we talked about memories of you. He said he knew about your feelings toward him, and that he wished he'd done better by you.

But then I got home and YOUR MOM HAS BEEN IN OUR APARTMENT

I guess I got home faster than they thought, but I think your stepdad was keeping me occupied while your mom BROKE INTO OUR PLACE

I ran into her in front of the building and she started yelling and hollering at me, and I was so confused.

She said I was hiding your stuff from her and that she would be calling her lawyer.

AND THEN SHE HIT ME

SHE SLAPPED ME

I yelled that I was going to call the police when Jun screeched up in a car and she jumped in and drove off

What the FUCK

I'm calling the cops to get her away from here

They took a report and said to call again if she shows up, that way they can talk with her, and worst case, then I can get a restraining order.

She trashed our bookshelf and dug through our closets.

I don't think anything's missing. It's just a mess.

The cop took a report, though.

Don't know how she got a key.

Now she wants your laptop.

I had it with me at coffee even.

I don't have the password, though, no idea what she'd do with it.

I think I may destroy it.

I miss you so much, Cheyenne.

I think it's really starting to hit me.

You're gone.

You're dead.

You're never coming back.

Your mom went quiet, and now I'm finally starting to digest this.

I wish I could take your place.

I wish I were dead.

I wish I was gone.

Oh god.

I keep getting stcuk crying and

its so hrad to keep going sometimes

i want to die without yowue

oh god

lee

oh god

I miss you

I can't believe you set your password to that!

I could spank you for that, miss prissy whiskers.

You're such a dork <3

Cheyenne

Cheyenne I'm so sorry

I'm so sorry

I'm reading it now

stayed home

cant stop crying

sorry

im so sorry lee

I could kill him

I WOULD fucking kill him right now

I would destroy him and your mom for all they've done if I could

I won't

But I could.

I'm sorry Cheyenne

I wish I could go back in time and help you.

Sorry, wanted that on my end, so I sent it from your account.

Apparently your account expires after six months inactivity.

I wonder if I should keep logging on once a month to keep it active?

Or

Maybe I should let it expire

And set that as a date to let you go

Oh god Cheyenne

oh god

i miss you

you made me whole

don't want to tgo on weifthout oyu

sdf

sorry

I'm calling your mom and Jun today.

I'm going to invite them over this weekend and confront them.

You're right in that it's just a document. No signature, no verification.

Biot I need to do right by yuo/ i miss yuo, and i want to do right by you

you tolfd me not to fight

and i wont

im just goin to tell thm i know

tey need to know that someone else knowds

Your mom and Jun are coming over tomorrow.

I think I'm going to just tell them plain and simple, what I found.

I hate them. I loathe them.

But I owe it to you to not make it a big fight.

Not on my part, at least.

If they get angry, whatever. I'm just going to read it.

Most of it.

Read it and watch and make sure they understand that I know.

I'm starting to second guess this.

Like, obviously I'm upset, and obviously you wanted me to know that your parents are awful.

But I'm starting to second guess what I'll get out of this.

Even when I said I wouldn't make it a big fight, I was still coming at it from a vengeance standpoint.

I wanted to hurt them.

Still do.

I just don't think that's totally right.

I thought about it more, and I think I still need to share what you wrote.

It'll hurt them, and it'll probably hurt me more than it already has.

But I don't think any of us will be able to start grieving with the current state.

...I'm going to call Dr Maura.

I wasn't expecting her to get back to me, but she actually picked up her phone on the first ring.

I don't know why that strikes me as weird.

We talked for a bit about what I should do.

I told her about the letter you left. She agrees I should share with your parents, if only to give closure, like I said before.

She says she's worried about me and wants to talk more soon.

I told her about this, too.

About sending you messages, even though you'll never respond. Just talking to you.

She says it can be a healthy coping mechanism, but only to a point, and that I shouldn't lean on it too much, or I won't stop grieving.

Makes sense.

I promised I'd let your account expire, and would do my best to start moving on sooner than that.

We also talked about getting through grief in stages. She says there are a few different lists of 'stages of grief', but that they're all just loose guidelines.

She says it sounds like I'm going through some healthy stuff, but that she wants to meet again to make sure I keep going.

She says that things could wear me out and make me depressed, or that things could be super easy and I could finish all the work I need to do, and realize you're truly gone and get depressed.

I countered that I was depressed now, but I'm not sure about that anymore. I think I'm sad, and that depression will come soon.

I'm sad, Cheyenne.

I'm sad and I'm tired and I want you back.

I'm sitting on the floor waiting for the shower again. My tail's fallen asleep. I'm gonna go before you get mad, even if that isn't possible.

I don't care if that's me grieving in an unhealthy manner or anything, I'm going to go before you get mad.

I'll try to only write again after things with your parents.

This is weird

Taking a break, this is still weird.

WHAT THE FUCK, LEE

THE POLICE JUST ARRESTED YOUR MOM

What the FUCK

Gave the police my report.

What the fuck.

Okay, writing this all down before I forget.

We met at that same coffee shop I met Jun at before. The Book and the Bean. It's got a bookstore in the back, I think we've been there before.

Only this time, Jun looked sincerely upset and sorry.

Like

I don't know how to put it. He looked upset for me, not at me?

And your mom looked extra pissed.

And I don't know what happened, like maybe they got into a fight before getting here?

So we were really quiet and Jun was looking down at his paws a lot and your mom was glaring at me a lot and I was tired.

I hate coffee, but I got a mocha or whatever, because Cheyenne, I've just been so tired.

this isn't helping, i'm sorry.

i miss yuo

Sorry, I'll try again and get more to the point.

So the more I thought about what I had planned, the less I really wanted to go through with it. So I tried to just sit there and talk with your parents about you and all the good time and stuff.

I tried earnestly to patch things up, but your mom just told me she remembered things differently.

And it was stupid, because I could tell Jun was sad.

After everything.

After everything in your letter and after the dumbass break-in attempt and everything.

He was sad.

He would smile a little at a memory I brought up, then look off away from your mom like he wasn't going to cry.

And then your mom would get huffy, and he'd nod at her, and go back to looking at his paws.

I don't know.

I feel like he's as exhausted as I am, but for different reasons.

So we took a little break because I felt like he and I were headed for a different conversation than your mom.

So we got some more coffees and such.

And I just kinda buckled down and did it.

Before, when I was feeling more vengeful, I thought maybe I'd print off some copies and hand it to them all formally and wither them under my glare or whatever.

But I just sat down and told them about the file and how I found it.

How you'd written it to me, and locked your computer with a password for me.

oh god haha

fuck

I'm supposed to keep it together to finish this.

How you always called me 'crazy face' but only over text because it sounded silly to say.

And how you set that as your password, and addressed the letter to me.

(I didn't tell them I called you 'prissy whiskers' in return.)

And I told them what the letter was about.

And as I started to talk about all that your dad had done and all that your mom and Jun did to cover it up I started to loosen things up

And I started to feel lighter.

And I started to wake up.

And your mom started looking strange and scared.

And Jun was actively crying now

and don't know

Sorry

And then I started talking about your mom and her attempts to cope and how she blamed you, and she lost her mind.

It was like something snapped.

That sounds cliche, but it's true. Like, she was gripping the table tight and all set to pounce, and whatever tension was in her muscles snapped violently and she threw the table.

It sounds so fucking ridiculous to say it now, hah

It was scary as hell then, though. She threw the whole table to the side and then threw her coffee cup (empty) at my face and then hit Jun with her purse.

And I thought she was done because everyone was shocked and staring at us.

But then she started shrieking and ran to the book shelf we were sitting by and started throwing books at us.

(paperbacks don't hurt that much, but hardcovers do)

And Jun seemed to snap out of it too and jumped up to grab her.

He grabbed her around the middle and sort of lifted her up and turned around so that he was between us.

This is dumb, but it was sorta like when I'd pick you up when you were being a fuss and carry you off to bed, laughing.

So I guess that runs in the family in a creepy sort of way.

Anyway.

Jun got her turned around and hauled her outside, hollering at us to call the ambulance on the way out.

And the badger at the bar already had the police on the phone, so she added something about an ambulance.

And then the police were there and the fire truck because they're the first responders.

And they fucking handcuffed your mom and put her in the back of the cruiser.

And no one was hurt, so the fire truck left

And the police came in and started taking reports as Jun and I and the badger started picking up the books and putting them back.

And all the while your mom was alternating between sobbing and throwing a hissing fit in the back of the cop car.

And then I gave my report, and then Jun did

And I just kinda waved at him and left while he was giving his report.

Because how awkward of a goodbye would that have been?

I met with Dr. Maura today, and we talked about the weekend a lot.

She says that she thinks I did the right thing, and that this is a turning point in our relationship

our=me and your parents

And she said that it's time to work on letting you go.

She said that it's not because my relationship with you has changed, or if it has, it's gotten stronger. She says that it's important that I use the energy I've had when it came to your parents and your estate and put it to work on myself.

And I told her how tired I was and she smiled and said that I felt better after giving the letter to your parents because that was the first bit of letting you go.

And I think she's right.

I think I'd been holding you close to keep you safe from what I perceived as danger.

Rightfully so!

But your mom was right in that I was keeping you from her, to some extent, and largely at your request.

So I think I need to start working on that.

I'll never forget you

And I'll never stop loving you

and i'll never stop missing you

but she's right

I need to start working on myself, too.

I gave it a break for a day and spent yesterday cleaning the apartment.

Well, after work. I'm back there full time, and that's starting to feel normal again.

But after, I tore down your desk and turned it into a bookshelf, best I could.

Not sure how long that will last. I want to set up my gaming rig there, just to piss you off <3

Anyway, I'm going to keep doing this less and less.

This texting you.

I already threw away your phone and wiped your laptop.

So I don't have access to your account anymore, and it'll expire.

(and yes, I did try 'crazy face', but you hadn't changed it, which is good, miss prissy whiskers.)

So...

I'll contact you in a week and see where things go from there.

I

shit, tomorrow

I was going to text you yesterday because I got a call from Jun.

Your mom was released that same weekend, of course, but she got charged and had to go do a trial or something and has community service and therapy.

And Jun sounded like he'd perked up some, too.

So we talked about you and sort of had the conversation that we were going to have without your mom.

You know, memories and good stuff and rebuilding bridges.

And he said that he'll probably be getting a divorce from your mom after the letter (I emailed it) and coming to realize just how much your mom was after him as well as you, keeping you in her service and using anxiety as a tool.

So that was good.

Or maybe not good, I imagine divorces suck.

Anyway, it's been a week of caring for myself.

I did move the gaming rig.

Sorry not sorry.

And I started putting the stuff that was yours but worth keeping into a few boxes, which are now in my closet, and the rest of your stuff is gone.

Well, there's probably more, but it's gone.

And hell, I miss you, Cheyenne.

Until next week <3

I met with Dr Maura again today.

It was REALLY good.

We were talking a lot about the stages of crisis and such.

Which we've done before, of course.

And my role in it all.

How it's sometimes my choice to move between stages.

Like, I can park myself in depression for a while.

Or anger, or bargaining, or whatever.

I could just stay there because it's easier to stay than moving on.

Not that those stages aren't necessary!

Just that it takes effort to leave them when you're ready.

And I'm trying.

We were pretty spot on in terms of music tastes, you know that?

Going through your library.

Sorry not sorry <3

We could've made a rockin' band, you know?

Miss Prissy Whiskers and the Crazy Faces.

Though that sounds like an old punk band.

And we seem to have done mostly prog.

...

And neither of us played any instruments

So maybe not a good band.

i miss you

i love you

Sad night last night.

Taking Maura's words to heart.

Going to choose to go to work.

Choose to get better.

Holding off until tomorrow, if I can.

This needs to stop.

I think it's time.

I miss you, Cheyenne.

I always will, and I'll always love you.

But you're gone.

You're gone now, and I'm working to find a way to live with that.

I've been slowly washing the apartment of your presence.

Not that you'll be gone entirely, of course. I have your picture in a few places.

But I got rid of all the stuff that was -yours-.

and washed the bedding several times.

To get rid of the smell of you.

Christ, this is hard.

Good, in the long run, I hope, but hard.

I'm not done grieving or mourning.

Not by a long shot.

But I'm working on it. I'm working on finding a way to accept that you're gone.

Not to forget you, but, tacky as it sounds, honor you.

I'm working on getting to that stage.

So.

I'm going to start journaling.

And delete your contact.

Though I saved our messages.

And write for myself, and not for you.

With Dr. Maura's blessing.

And, hopefully, yours.

I love you.

I miss you.

I always will.

But you're gone.

And you're not at the store.

Or at chemo, or still sick at the hospital.

You're gone.

And it's time for me to work on that.

So goodbye, Cheyenne.

Sleep well, miss prissy whiskers.

Crazy face, out.
